<!-- Autogenerated by mlir-tblgen; don't manually edit -->

# 'aie' Dialect

This is a dialect for describing netlists of AIE components in a
Versal device.  It focuses on representing logical stream connections
between cores and DMAs, along with the implementation of those logical
connections in the various switch components.  In the dialect, a
switch is referred to as `switchbox` to avoid confusion with the
`switch` keyword in C/C++.


[TOC]

## Operations

### `aie.amsel` (::xilinx::AIE::AMSelOp)

_Declare an arbiter of a switchbox with a master select value (arbiter + msel)_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.amsel` `<` $arbiterID `>` `(` $msel `)` attr-dict
```

A combination of arbiter ID and master select (msel) value.
This op is used as a pointer to select the arbiter for routing a packet-switched flow

Example:
```
    %a0_0 = aie.amsel<5>(3)
    %m1 = aie.masterset("East" : 0, %a0_0 )
    aie.packet_rules("South" : 0) {
      aie.rule(0x1F, 0x10, %a0_0)
    }
```
This code associates arbiter 5 with msel=3.  A packet-switched connection is made routing
traffic from the South:0 port to the East:0 port using this arbiter.
There are 6 arbiters per switchbox and 4 possible master select values.
See also [MasterSetOp](#aiemasterset-aiemastersetop),
[PacketRulesOp](#aiepacketrules-aiepacketrulesop), and
[PacketRuleOp](#aierule-aiepacketruleop) for more information.

Traits: `HasParent<SwitchboxOp>`

Interfaces: `InferTypeOpInterface`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>arbiterID</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>8-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0 whose maximum value is 5</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>msel</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>8-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0 whose maximum value is 3</td></tr>
</table>

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| &laquo;unnamed&raquo; | index |



### `aie.bd_chain` (::xilinx::AIE::BDChainOp)

_Definition of a Parametrizable Chain of Buffer Descriptors_

This operation allows you to define buffer descriptor chains with parametrizable inputs.
This is useful for common patterns such as double buffering (ping-pong) that may look identical but use different input/output buffers and locks.
Currently, only buffers and locks are parametrizable.

Once defined, an abstract BD chain can be used elsewhere using AIEX ops in the runtime sequence.
In the future, abstract BD chains will also be usable elsewhere, inside the static configuration.
At its usage sites, the abstract BD chain will be concretized with the given input arguments.

Traits: `SkipAccessibilityCheckTrait`

Interfaces: `Symbol`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>sym_name</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
</table>



### `aie.buffer` (::xilinx::AIE::BufferOp)

_Declare a buffer_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.buffer` `(` $tile `)`
              attr-dict `:` type($buffer)
              custom<BufferInitialValue>(ref(type($buffer)), $initial_value)
```

This operation instantiates a buffer that belongs to a Memory Module of a tile.

Example:
```
  %tile33 = aie.tile(3, 3)
  %buf = aie.buffer(%tile33) : memref<256xi64>
```
This operation represents a buffer in tile (3, 3) of 256 elements, each a 64-bit integer.

Interfaces: `OpAsmOpInterface`, `TileElement`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>sym_name</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>address</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>initial_value</code></td><td>::mlir::ElementsAttr</td><td>constant vector/tensor attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>mem_bank</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| `buffer` | memref of any type values |



### `aie.cascade_flow` (::xilinx::AIE::CascadeFlowOp)

_A cascade connection between tiles_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.cascade_flow` `(` $source_tile `,` $dest_tile `)` attr-dict
```

The `aie.cascade_flow` operation represents a cascade connection between two `aie.tile` operations.
During lowering, this is replaced by `aie.configure_cascade` operations for each `aie.tile` based on
their relative placement to one another.

Example:
```
  %tile03 = aie.tile(0, 3)
  %tile13 = aie.tile(1, 3)
  aie.cascade_flow(%tile03, %tile13)
```

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `source_tile` | index |
| `dest_tile` | index |



### `aie.configure_cascade` (::xilinx::AIE::ConfigureCascadeOp)

_An op to configure the input and output directions of the cascade for a single AIE tile_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.configure_cascade` `(` $tile `,` $inputDir `,` $outputDir `)` attr-dict
```

An operation to configure the cascade on a single tile in both the input and the output
directions.

Example:
```
  %tile00 = aie.tile(1, 3)
  aie.configure_cascade(%tile00, West, East)
```
Configures the input cascade port of %tile00 to the West direction, and the output port to the East direction.

Traits: `HasParent<DeviceOp>`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>inputDir</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::CascadeDirAttr</td><td>Directions for cascade</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>outputDir</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::CascadeDirAttr</td><td>Directions for cascade</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |



### `aie.connect` (::xilinx::AIE::ConnectOp)

_A circuit-switched connection inside a switchbox_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.connect` `<` $source_bundle `:` $source_channel `,` $dest_bundle `:` $dest_channel `>` attr-dict
```

This operation represents a programmed circuit-switched connection in a stream switch.
It associates a source bundle and source channel with a destination bundle and a destination channel.
This operation must exist within an `aie.switchbox` or `aie.shim_switchbox` operation.
All of the `aie.connect` operations in a switchbox must have different destinations.
All of the `aie.connect` operations must also have a destination which is different from all
of the `aie.masterset` operations in the same switchbox.

Example:
```
%tile = aie.tile(1, 1)
aie.switchbox(%tile) {
  aie.connect<"West" : 0, "Core" : 1>
}
```

Traits: `HasParent<SwitchboxOp, ShimMuxOp>`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>source_bundle</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::WireBundleAttr</td><td>Bundle of wires</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>source_channel</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dest_bundle</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::WireBundleAttr</td><td>Bundle of wires</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dest_channel</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
</table>



### `aie.core` (::xilinx::AIE::CoreOp)

_Declare a core module_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.core` `(` $tile `)` regions attr-dict
```

This operation represents an AIEngine processor core belonging to a tile.
The region of a CoreOp contains code that gets run on the AIE core.  This code will
typically be outlined into the LLVM dialect, eventually resulting in a binary file
for each core.  The name of this file can be be specified using the `elf_file`
attribute.

If the `elf_file` attribute is present, no MLIR besides a terminator may be
present in the core; in that case, the binary file linked dictates what 
will run in the core. The path specified should is relative to the MLIR
file.

This op has an optional `stackSize` attribute, to control the amount of memory (in bytes)
reserved for the stack.  The default value is 1024.  The stack (and other data allocations)
are always stored in the local core memory, to avoid conflicts with static data allocations
in other cores.

This op has an optional `dynamic_objfifo_lowering` attribute, to finely control whether the
objectfifos in this core should be lowered using the dynamic runtime lowering.

Examples:
```
%tile = aie.tile(1, 1)
%lock11_8 = aie.lock(%tile, 8)
aie.core(%tile) {
  aie.use_lock(%lock11_8, "Acquire", 1)
  aie.use_lock(%lock11_8, "Release", 0)
  aie.end
}
```
```
%tile = aie.tile(3, 3)
aie.core(%tile) {
  aie.end
} { stackSize = 2048 : i32, elf_file = "core_33.elf" }
```

Interfaces: `FlowEndPoint`, `InferTypeOpInterface`, `OpAsmOpInterface`, `TileElement`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>stack_size</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>link_with</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>elf_file</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dynamic_objfifo_lowering</code></td><td>::mlir::BoolAttr</td><td>bool attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| &laquo;unnamed&raquo; | index |



### `aie.debug` (::xilinx::AIE::DebugOp)

_Capture a value for debugging_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.debug` `(` $arg `:` type($arg) `)` attr-dict
```

Output the given value for debugging.  This is primarily used for simulation.

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `arg` | any type |



### `aie.device` (::xilinx::AIE::DeviceOp)

_Define an AIE design targetting a complete device_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.device` `(` $device `)` ($sym_name^)? regions attr-dict
```

This operation describes a design that executes on a particular AIEngine device.
It exists at the toplevel of a design; although currently it does not replace the
default toplevel module in MLIR, the intention is that this could be the case
in the future.

When using this operation, all resources in a physical device are available and
the design does not need to be concerned with other potential users of a physical
device.  In addition, within an `aie.device` operation, tile addresses are absolute
coordinates and are not intended to describe a relocatable design.  To describe
a portion of a device which may be relocatable, the intention would be to provide another
operation, for instance maybe `aie.segment`.
The design itself is described using a region of code contained by the device
operation.

Example:
```
aie.device(xcvc1902) {
  %tile = aie.tile(1, 1)
  %CORE = aie.core(%tile) { ... }
}
```

Traits: `HasDefaultDLTIDataLayout`, `HasParent<mlir::ModuleOp>`, `IsolatedFromAbove`, `SingleBlockImplicitTerminator<EndOp>`, `SingleBlock`, `SymbolTable`

Interfaces: `AIETarget`, `DataLayoutOpInterface`, `Symbol`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>device</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::AIEDeviceAttr</td><td>AIE Device</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>sym_name</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
</table>



### `aie.dma` (::xilinx::AIE::DMAOp)

_An op to describe a set of DMA operations._

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.dma` `(` $channel_dir `,` $channel_index `)`
              attr-dict ` `
              `[`regions`]`
```

Traits: `HasParent<MemOp, MemTileDMAOp, ShimDMAOp>`, `NoTerminator`

Interfaces: `InferTypeOpInterface`, `OpAsmOpInterface`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>channel_dir</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::DMAChannelDirAttr</td><td>DMA Channel direction</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>channel_index</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>loop</code></td><td>::mlir::BoolAttr</td><td>bool attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>repeat_count</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>sym_name</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| `valid` | 1-bit signless integer |



### `aie.dma_bd` (::xilinx::AIE::DMABDOp)

_Declare a dma buffer descriptor op_

This operation describes a buffer descriptor for DMA operations. In particular, it specifies
what buffer to use, and optionally:

    1. the offset into the buffer;
    2. the transfer length;
    3. the sizes and strides for n-d tensor addressing (described below);
    4. the "bd_id" with which to associate the buffer descriptor (most often left empty);
    5. the number of zeros to pad before and after every dimension of an n-d tensor (described below);
    6. the burst length to use for the DMA operation. This option is only available for data movement between the host memory and Shim NOC tiles.
      The default value of 0 is interpreted as the maximum available burst length in the architecture.

`offset`, `len`, `size`s and `stride`s are all denominated in element width; e.g., transferring the whole of
`memref<512xi32>` means `len == 512`, and also while transferring the whole of `memref<512xi16>`, `len == 512`.

The only caveat to this "everything-is-in-terms-of-element-width" rule is regarding the inner-most dimension's stride
(see [Important gotcha regarding strides](#important-gotcha-regarding-strides) below).

`dma_bd` ops must appear in their own BBs (basic blocks) and such BBs can (optionally) include `use_lock`
operations (specifying an "acquire" and a "release" lock; see the `use_lock` operation) and subsequent BDs in
a "chain" of BDs (using `next_bd` as a "jump" to the next BB which contains a `dma_bd`).

Example:
```
  // this defines a BD that uses lock %lck0 and buffer %buf0
  ^bd5:
    aie.use_lock(%lck, "Acquire", 0)
    // transfer the first 32 elements of the memref
    aie.dma_bd(<$buf0 : memref<128xi32>, 0, 32)
    aie.use_lock(%lck, "Release", 1)
    aie.next_bd ^bd6 // point to the next bb, which describes the next buffer descriptor
  ^bd6:
    aie.use_lock(%lck, "Acquire", 1)
    // transfer the last 32 elements of the memref
    aie.dma_bd(<$buf1 : memref<128xi32>, 96, 32)
    aie.use_lock(%lck, "Release", 0)
    aie.next_bd ^end

  ...

  // this defines a BD that does not use any lock
  ^bd8:
    aie.dma_bd(<$buf2 : memref<64xi32>, 0, 64)
```

#### Background/context

A DMA channel in a Memory Module can process one buffer descriptor after another by chaining them.
There are 16 buffer descriptors per Core memory module and 48 buffer descriptors per Memtile memory module.
They are shared by four DMA channels (or 12).

#### DMA Data Layout Transformations on AIE-ML Devices

AIE-ML devices can apply data layout transformations at the buffer
descriptor level. These transformation are described by strides and sizes in up to three dimensions (four
dimensions on memtiles). Strides and sizes can be supplied to the `dma_bd`
through an optional argument, an array of "tuple-like" attributes `bd_dim_layout<size, stride>`.

The first element of this array gives the outer-most dimension's stride and
size, the last element of the array gives the inner-most dimension's stride and size.
We can model the access pattern strides and sizes generate by a series of
nested loops. In general, a set of strides and sizes like this...

```
[<size_2, stride_2>, <size_1, stride_1>, <size_0, stride_0>]
```

...translates to an access pattern that can be expressed like this:

```
int *buffer;  // i32
for(int i = 0; i < size_2; i++)
  for(int j = 0; j < size_1; j++)
    for(int k = 0; k < size_0; k++)
      // access/store element at/to buffer[  i * stride_2
      //                                   + j * stride_1
      //                                   + k * stride_0]
```

The following example shows an access pattern that corresponds to
alternating between even and odd elements of the buffer/stream every 8
elements:

```
aie.dma_bd(%buf : memref<128xi32>, 0, 128, [<8, 16>, <2, 1>, <8, 2>])
```

implies

```
for(int i = 0; i < 8 /*size_2*/; i++)
  for(int j = 0; j < 2 /*size_1*/; j++)
    for(int k = 0; k < 8 /*size_0*/; k++)
      // access/store element at/to index (i * 16 /*stride_2*/ + j * 1 /*stride_1*/ + k * 2 /*stride_0*/)
```

#### Important gotcha regarding strides

All strides are expressed in multiples of the element width (just like `len` and `offset`)
**with the caveat that the inner-most dimension's stride must be 1**.

## DMA constant padding on AIE-ML Devices

AIE-ML devices can apply constant padding at the buffer descriptor level, described with pairs of padding
counts before and after a dimension, to all dimensions in the data layout transformations. The padding
counts can be supplied to the `dma_bd` through an optional argument, an array of "tuple-like" attributes
`bd_pad_layout<const_pad_before, const_pad_after>`, followed by an optional argument `const_val` (default
is 0). All counts are expressed in multiples of the element width.

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>offset</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>len</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dimensions</code></td><td>::xilinx::AIE::BDDimLayoutArrayAttr</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><code>pad_dimensions</code></td><td>::xilinx::AIE::BDPadLayoutArrayAttr</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><code>pad_value</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>bd_id</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>packet</code></td><td>::xilinx::AIE::PacketInfoAttr</td><td>
    Tuple encoding the type and header of a packet;
  </td></tr>
<tr><td><code>burst_length</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>next_bd_id</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `buffer` | memref of any type values |



### `aie.dma_bd_packet` (::xilinx::AIE::DMABDPACKETOp)

_Enable packet headers for a dma block descriptor_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.dma_bd_packet` `(` $packet_type `,` $packet_id `)` attr-dict
```

This operation enables packet headers for a block descriptor for DMA operations. In particular, it specifies
the packet type (3-bits) and packet ID (5-bits).

This operation must be used in an MLIR block that lives inside a MemOp's region, and before aie.dma_bd.
The block descriptor specifies what lock to use and the buffer configuration.

Example:
```
  // this defines a BD that uses lock %lck0 and buffer %buf0
  ^bd5:
    aie.use_lock(%lck, "Acquire", 0)
    aie.dma_bd_packet(0x4, 0xD)
    aie.dma_bd(<$buf0 : memref<512xi32>, 0, 512>, 1)
    aie.use_lock(%lck, "Release", 1)
    br ^bd6 // point to the next Block, which is also a different Block Descriptor
```

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>packet_type</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>packet_id</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
</table>



### `aie.dma_start` (::xilinx::AIE::DMAStartOp)

_An op to start DMA_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.dma_start` `(` $channel_dir `,` $channel_index `,` $dest `,` $chain (`,` `repeat_count` `=` $repeat_count^)? `)` attr-dict
```

This operation declares a DMA channel to be used for data transfer. It usually exists inside
either a MemOp (representing a TileDMA), a MemTileDMAOp (representing a DMA in a MemTile),
or in a ShimDMAOp (representing a ShimDMA).
A channel is defined by a direction (i.e., MM2S or S2MM) and an index.

Example:
```
    aie.dma_start("MM2S", 0, ^bd0, ^end)
  ^bd0:
    aie.use_lock(%lock0, "Acquire", 0)
    aie.dma_bd(%buffer : memref<16 x f32>, 0, 16)
    aie.use_lock(%lock0, "Release", 1)
    br ^bd0
  ^end:
    aie.end
```

Conceptually, the aie.dma_start operation is a terminator that either passes
control to a basic block containing DMA operations (through its first successor)
or to a basic block for another dma_start, to an aie.end operation.

Traits: `HasParent<MemOp, MemTileDMAOp, mlir::func::FuncOp, ShimDMAOp>`, `Terminator`

Interfaces: `InferTypeOpInterface`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>channel_dir</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::DMAChannelDirAttr</td><td>DMA Channel direction</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>channel_index</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>repeat_count</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| `valid` | 1-bit signless integer |

#### Successors:

| Successor | Description |
| :-------: | ----------- |
| `dest` | any successor |
| `chain` | any successor |



### `aie.end` (::xilinx::AIE::EndOp)

_End op_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.end` attr-dict
```

A generic terminator operation for AIE ops' regions.

Traits: `Terminator`



### `aie.event` (::xilinx::AIE::EventOp)

_Event instruction_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.event` `(` $val `)` attr-dict
```

Event instruction.

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>val</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0 whose maximum value is 1</td></tr>
</table>



### `aie.external_buffer` (::xilinx::AIE::ExternalBufferOp)

_Declare a buffer in external memory_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.external_buffer` attr-dict `:` type($buffer)
```

This operation represents a buffer that exists in some physical
location in a device, most likely external memory. The exact address
of the external buffer is passed by the mlir_aie_external_set_addr()
and mlir_aie_external_set_addr_myBuffer_ functions in the associated
.cpp test file.

These external buffers are used within the buffer descriptors of a
shim_dma, i.e., within AIE_DMABdOp operations of a AIE_ShimDMAOp.

Example:
```
  %buf = aie.external_buffer : memref<256xi64>
```
This operation represents an external buffer.

Interfaces: `OpAsmOpInterface`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>sym_name</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>address</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>64-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| `buffer` | memref of any type values |



### `aie.flow` (::xilinx::AIE::FlowOp)

_A logical circuit-switched connection between cores_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.flow` `(` $source `,` $source_bundle `:` $source_channel `,` $dest `,` $dest_bundle `:` $dest_channel `)` attr-dict
```

The `aie.flow` operation represents a circuit switched connection between two endpoints, usually
`aie.tile` operations.  During routing, this is replaced by `aie.connect` operations which represent
the programmed connections inside a switchbox, along with `aie.wire` operations which represent
physical connections between switchboxes and other components.

Example:
```
  %00 = aie.tile(0, 0)
  %11 = aie.tile(1, 1)
  %01 = aie.tile(0, 1)
  aie.flow(%00, "DMA" : 0, %11, "Core" : 1)
```

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>source_bundle</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::WireBundleAttr</td><td>Bundle of wires</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>source_channel</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dest_bundle</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::WireBundleAttr</td><td>Bundle of wires</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dest_channel</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `source` | index |
| `dest` | index |



### `aie.get_cascade` (::xilinx::AIE::GetCascadeOp)

_An op to read from a cascading stream from a neighboring core_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.get_cascade` `(` `)` attr-dict `:` type($cascade_value)
```

An op to read from a cascading stream from a neighboring core.
The result type of this operation must have a size that matches the cascade size,
which is architecture-dependent. e.g. AIE1: i384 or vector<8xi48>  AIE2: i512 or vector<16xi32>

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| `cascade_value` | any type |



### `aie.get_stream` (::xilinx::AIE::GetStreamOp)

_An op to read from a stream channel/port of a switchbox_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.get_stream` `(` $channel `:` type($channel) `)` attr-dict `:` type($stream_value)
```

An op to read from a stream channel/port of a switchbox.

Traits: `HasParent<CoreOp>`

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `channel` | integer |

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| `stream_value` | 32-bit float or 32-bit signless integer or 128-bit signless integer |



### `aie.lock` (::xilinx::AIE::LockOp)

_Declare a physical lock_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.lock` `(` $tile (`,` $lockID^ )? `)` attr-dict
```

This operation creates a physical lock. For this operation the lockID variable is optional.
However, if that is the case then the lockID must be assigned using the AIEAssignLockIDs pass.

Example:
```
  %tile33 = aie.tile(3, 3)
  %lck = aie.lock(%tile33, 7)
```
This operation represents a lock that lives in the Memory module of Tile(3, 3) with a lockID of 7

Case when LockID is not assigned:
  Before AIEAssignLockIDs: `%tile33 = aie.tile(3)`
  After AIEAssignLockIDs: `%tile33 = aie.tile(3, $assigned_value)`

Interfaces: `InferTypeOpInterface`, `OpAsmOpInterface`, `TileElement`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>lockID</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>init</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>sym_name</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| &laquo;unnamed&raquo; | index |



### `aie.masterset` (::xilinx::AIE::MasterSetOp)

_Packet switched input connection_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.masterset` `(` $dest_bundle `:` $dest_channel `,` $amsels `)` attr-dict
```

A packet switched connection inside a switchbox.
This operation specifies the configuration for a master port.

Example:
```
  %a0_m2 = aie.amsel<0>(2)
  aie.masterset("Core" : 0, %a0_m2)
```

The code will configure the master port <"Core" : 0> to use arbiter 0 with msel 2
(see AMSelOp for more details regarding AMSel)

In the current architecture, a master port can only be associated with one arbiter. However,
a master port can be activated by different msels from one arbiter

Example:
```
  %a1_0 = aie.amsel<1>(0)
  %a1_1 = aie.amsel<1>(1)
  %a2_3 = aie.amsel<2>(3)

  aie.masterset("West" : 2, %a1_0, %a2_3) // this is illegal, please don't do this
  aie.masterset("West" : 3, %a1_0, %a1_1) // this is OK
```

Traits: `HasParent<SwitchboxOp>`

Interfaces: `InferTypeOpInterface`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>dest_bundle</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::WireBundleAttr</td><td>Bundle of wires</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dest_channel</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>keep_pkt_header</code></td><td>::mlir::BoolAttr</td><td>bool attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `amsels` | variadic of index |

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| &laquo;unnamed&raquo; | index |



### `aie.mem` (::xilinx::AIE::MemOp)

_Declare a memory op_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.mem` `(` $tile `)` regions attr-dict
```

This operation creates a Memory module that belongs to a tile.
The region of a MemOp is used to setup the DMAs and Block Descriptors.
See DMAStartOp and DMABdOp for more concrete examples on DMAs and Block Descriptors.

Example:
```
  m73 = aie.mem(%t73) {
      %srcDma = aie.dma_start("S2MM", 0, ^bd0, ^end)
    ^bd0:
      aie.use_lock(%lock, "Acquire", 0)
      aie.dma_bd(%buf : memref<64xi16>, 0, 64)
      aie.use_lock(%lock, "Release", 1)
      aie.next_bd ^bd0
    ^end:
      aie.end
  }
```
Create the memory module for tile %t73 and setup one DMA channel and one Buffer Descriptor.

Traits: `HasValidBDs`, `HasValidDMAChannels`

Interfaces: `FlowEndPoint`, `InferTypeOpInterface`, `OpAsmOpInterface`, `TileElement`

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| &laquo;unnamed&raquo; | index |



### `aie.memtile_dma` (::xilinx::AIE::MemTileDMAOp)

_Declare a memtile_dma op_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.memtile_dma` `(` $tile `)` regions attr-dict
```

This operation describes a DMA inside an AIE2 MemTile.
The region of the op is used to setup the DMAs and Block Descriptors.
See DMAStartOp and DMABdOp for more concrete examples on DMAs and Block Descriptors.

This operation is restricted to certain compatible tiles in AIE2 devices:
xcve2302: row 1
xcve2802: row 1 and 2

Example:
```
  m73 = aie.memtile_dma(%t71) {
      %srcDma = aie.dma_start("S2MM", 0, ^bd0, ^end)
    ^bd0:
      aie.use_lock(%lock, "Acquire", 0)
      aie.dma_bd(%buf : memref<64xi16>, 0, 64>, 0)
      aie.use_lock(%lock, "Release", 1)
      aie.next_bd ^bd0
    ^end:
      aie.end
  }
```
Create a description for tile `%t73` and setup one DMA channel and one Buffer Descriptor.

Traits: `HasValidBDs`, `HasValidDMAChannels`

Interfaces: `FlowEndPoint`, `InferTypeOpInterface`, `OpAsmOpInterface`, `TileElement`

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| &laquo;unnamed&raquo; | index |



### `aie.next_bd` (::xilinx::AIE::NextBDOp)

_The next buffer descriptor_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.next_bd` $dest attr-dict
```

This operation terminates the basic block describing a buffer descriptor inside
a tile or shim DMA operation.  It references a single following buffer descriptor.
Note that unlike other terminators (like cf.br), canonicalization should not remove
the `next_bd` terminator, since it would result in invalid buffer descriptors.

Example:
```
  m73 = aie.mem(%t73) {
      %srcDma = aie.dma_start("S2MM", 0, ^bd0, ^end)
    ^bd0:
      aie.use_lock(%lock, "Acquire", 0)
      aie.dma_bd(%buf : memref<64xi16>, 0, 64)
      aie.use_lock(%lock, "Release", 1)
      aie.next_bd ^bd0
    ^end:
      aie.end
  }
```

Traits: `Terminator`

#### Successors:

| Successor | Description |
| :-------: | ----------- |
| `dest` | any successor |



### `aie.objectfifo` (::xilinx::AIE::ObjectFifoCreateOp)

_Create a circular buffer or channel between two tiles_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.objectfifo` $sym_name
              `(`
              custom<ObjectFifoProducerTile>($producerTile, $dimensionsToStream) `,`
              `{`
              custom<ObjectFifoConsumerTiles>($consumerTiles, $dimensionsFromStreamPerConsumer)
              `}`
              `,`
              $elemNumber
              `)` attr-dict `:` $elemType
              custom<ObjectFifoInitValues>(ref($elemNumber), ref($elemType), $initValues)
```

The `aie.objectFifo` operation creates a circular buffer established between a producer and one or
more consumers, which are `aie.tile` operations. The `aie.objectFifo` instantiates the given number of
buffers (of given output type) and their locks in the Memory Module of the appropriate tile(s) after
lowering, based on tile-adjacency. These elements represent the conceptual depth of the `objectFifo` or,
more specifically, of its object pool.

For the producer and for each consumer, a different size (i.e., element number) can be specified as an
array of integer values. This will take effect in the case of consumers placed on tiles non-adjacent to
the producer. Otherwise, the producer size will be applied. If a single size is specified, it will be
applied to both producer and consumers.

This operation is then converted by the `AIEObjectFifoStatefulTransformPass` into `aie.buffers` and their associated
`aie.locks`. The pass also establishes Flow and DMA operations between the producer and consumer tiles if they are
not adjacent.

1-to-1 tile example:
```
  aie.objectfifo @of1 (%tile12, { %tile23 }, 4 : i32) : !aie.objectfifo<memref<16xi32>>
```
This operation creates an `objectFifo` between `%tile12` and `%tile23` of 4 elements, each a buffer of 16 32-bit integers.
Note: If there are no `ObjectFifoAcquireOps` corresponding to this `objectFifo` on the cores of `%tile12` and `%tile23`,
then the depths of the object pools on each tile will be 4, as specified. Otherwise, the cores are scanned and the
highest number of acquired elements (+1 for prefetching) will be used instead, to ensure minimal resource usage.

1-to-2 tiles broadcast example:
```
  aie.objectfifo @of2 (%tile12, { %tile13, %tile23 }, 4 : i32) : !aie.objectfifo<memref<16xi32>>
```
This operation creates an `objectFifo` between `%tile12` and tiles `%tile13`, `%tile23` of 4 elements, each a buffer of x16
32-bit integers.

1-to-2 tiles broadcast with explicit sizes example:
```
  aie.objectfifo @of3 (%tile12, { %tile13, %tile23 }, [2, 3, 4]) : !aie.objectfifo<memref<16xi32>>
```
This operation creates an `objectFifo` between `%tile12`, `%tile13` and `%tile23`. The depths of the `objectFifo` object pool
at each tile are respectively 2, 3 and 4 for tiles `%tile12`, `%tile13` and `%tile23`. This overrides the depth analysis
specified in the first example.

#### Data Layout Transformations on AIE-ML devices

On AIE-ML devices, objectFifos can also apply data layout transformations by
using the DMAs n-dimensional address generation scheme. Two transformations
can be applied for an objectFifo: one on the producer side, given by a
`dimensionsToStream` attribute, and one transformation on the consumer side, given by
a `dimensionsFromStream` attribute. See the `DMABDOp` documentation for a description
of strides and sizes. The `dimensionsToStream` and `dimensionsFromStream` optional attributes
are given directly following the producer or consumer tile declaration.
Different transformations can be specified for each consumer. See example
below.

Note that using data layout transformations will cause DMAs to be used even
between adjacent tiles whose objectFifos would otherwise use shared memory.

Further note that data layout transforms always apply at a granularity of
`i32`s, irrespective of the used `memref` data type. This is an
architectural requirement. Hence, a stride of 4 always expresses 4 `i32`s,
i.e. 16 bytes.

The following example shows an objectFifo which transposes a 16x16 matrix of
`i32`s on the producer side using strides and sizes. No transformation is
applied on the consumer side of `%tile13` (in this case the `fromStream`
attribute may also be left off), and a transformation on `%tile23` first gives
all even indices from the stream, followed by all odd indices:

```
  aie.objectfifo @of4 (%tile12 dimensionsToStream [<16, 1>, <16, 16>, <1,1>],
                       {
                        %tile13 dimensionsFromStream [],
                        %tile23 dimensionsFromStream [<2, 1>, <128, 2>]
                       }, 2 : i32
                      ) : !aie.objectfifo<memref<256xi32>>
```

The behavior of the objectFifo is further controlled by optional parameters.
The `repeat_count` parameter specifies the number of times each individual 
object is repeated during transfer. When `repeat_count == 1`, each object 
is transferred once.

The `iter_count` parameter specifies the number of iterations of 
the buffer descriptor chain generated at the lower level. The total number 
of objects transferred is calculated as `iter_count * elemNumber * repeat_count`.
When `repeat_count == 1`, this simplifies to `iter_count * elemNumber`.

Traits: `HasParent<DeviceOp>`

Interfaces: `Symbol`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>sym_name</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>elemNumber</code></td><td>::mlir::Attribute</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0 or array attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>elemType</code></td><td>::mlir::TypeAttr</td><td>type attribute of </td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dimensionsToStream</code></td><td>::xilinx::AIE::BDDimLayoutArrayAttr</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dimensionsFromStreamPerConsumer</code></td><td>::xilinx::AIE::BDDimLayoutArrayArrayAttr</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><code>via_DMA</code></td><td>::mlir::BoolAttr</td><td>bool attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>plio</code></td><td>::mlir::BoolAttr</td><td>bool attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>disable_synchronization</code></td><td>::mlir::BoolAttr</td><td>bool attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>repeat_count</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 1</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>initValues</code></td><td>::mlir::ArrayAttr</td><td>array of ElementsAttr</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>padDimensions</code></td><td>::xilinx::AIE::BDPadLayoutArrayAttr</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><code>iter_count</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `producerTile` | index |
| `consumerTiles` | variadic of index |



### `aie.objectfifo.acquire` (::xilinx::AIE::ObjectFifoAcquireOp)

_Acquire operation to lock and return objects of an ObjectFifo_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.objectfifo.acquire` attr-dict $objFifo_name `(` $port `,` $size `)` `:` qualified(type($subview))
```

The `aie.objectFifo.acquire` operation first acquires the locks of the next given number
of objects in the `objectFifo`. The mode it acquires the locks in is chosen based on the port
(producer: acquire for write, consumer: acquire for read). Then, it returns a subview of
the acquired objects which can be used to access them.

This operation is then converted by the `AIEObjectFifoStatefulTransformPass` into `aie.use_lock` operations on
the locks of the `objectFifo` objects that will be acquired. Under the hood, the operation only performs
new acquires if necessary. For example, if two objects have been acquired in the past and none have yet
to be released by the same process, then performing another acquire operation on the same `objectFifo`
within the same process of size two or less will not result in any new use_lock operations (and for size
greater than two, only (size - 2) use_lock operations will be performed).

Example:
```
  %subview = aie.objectfifo.acquire @of1 (Consume, 2) : !aie.objectfifosubview<memref<16xi32>>
```
This operation acquires the locks of the next two objects in the `objectFifo` named `@of1` from its consumer
port and returns a subview of the acquired objects.

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>port</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::ObjectFifoPortAttr</td><td>Ports of an object FIFO</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>objFifo_name</code></td><td>::mlir::FlatSymbolRefAttr</td><td>flat symbol reference attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>size</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 1</td></tr>
</table>

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| `subview` |  |



### `aie.objectfifo.allocate` (::xilinx::AIE::ObjectFifoAllocateOp)

_Sets a tile's memory module as the target for an objectfifo's memory allocation_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.objectfifo.allocate` $objFifo_name `(` $delegateTile `)` attr-dict
```

Specify a tile's memory module to be used as the allocation target for this objectfifo.
Only works if all the objectfifo's tiles, producer and consumers, have shared memory access to
the specified tile's memory module.

In the following example the objects of @of4 will be allocated on %tile14:
```
  aie.objectfifo @of4 (%tile13, {%tile14}, 2 : i32) : !aie.objectfifo<memref<256xi32>>
  aie.objectfifo.allocate @of4 (%tile14)
```

Traits: `HasParent<DeviceOp>`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>objFifo_name</code></td><td>::mlir::FlatSymbolRefAttr</td><td>flat symbol reference attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `delegateTile` | index |



### `aie.objectfifo.link` (::xilinx::AIE::ObjectFifoLinkOp)

_Links two objectFifos through an intermediary tile's DMA_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.objectfifo.link` $fifoIns `->` $fifoOuts `(` $src_offsets $dst_offsets `)` attr-dict
```

The `aie.objectfifo.link` operation marks two or more `objectFifos` as linked. This implies that the `objectFifos` form
one dataflow movement which is split accross multiple `objectFifos`. Specifically, during the `objectFifo` lowering there will
be less memory elements generated at the link point (i.e., the shared tile of all `objectFifos` in the link) as the `objectFifos` can share.

The `objectFifos` which are linked must have a link point (i.e., a shared AIE tile).

Example:
```
  aie.objectfifo @of1 (%t70, { %t72 }, 2) : !aie.objectfifo<memref<64xi16>>
  aie.objectfifo @of2 (%t72, { %t74 }, 2) : !aie.objectfifo<memref<64xi16>>
  aie.objectfifo.link [@of1] -> [@of2] ([] [])
```
This operation links two `objectFifos` which have tile `%t72` as a link point. The offset input arrays are not required as the full size of
the objects are transferred from @of1 to @of2.

To achieve a broadcast pattern through the link tile, the output `objectFifo` should have a list of all the consumers tiles.
To achieve a distribute pattern from the link tile, there should be multiple output `objectFifos` in the OjbectFifoLinkOp. In this case,
parts will be taken out of the input `objectFifo`'s buffers based on dst_offsets input array.
The join pattern is the exact inverse of the distribute one and uses the src_offsets input array instead.

Traits: `HasParent<DeviceOp>`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>fifoIns</code></td><td>::mlir::ArrayAttr</td><td>symbol ref array attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>fifoOuts</code></td><td>::mlir::ArrayAttr</td><td>symbol ref array attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>src_offsets</code></td><td>::mlir::ArrayAttr</td><td>64-bit integer array attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dst_offsets</code></td><td>::mlir::ArrayAttr</td><td>64-bit integer array attribute</td></tr>
</table>



### `aie.objectfifo.register_external_buffers` (::xilinx::AIE::ObjectFifoRegisterExternalBuffersOp)

_Registers external buffers to an objectFifo's shim tile(s) for use in the associated shim DMA(s)_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.objectfifo.register_external_buffers` attr-dict $objFifo_name `(` $tile `,` `{` $externalBuffers `}` `)` `:` `(` type($externalBuffers) `)`
```

The `aie.objectfifo.register_external_buffers` operation is used to register one or multiple external buffers
to the shim tile(s) used in an `objectFifo` creation. During the `objectFifo` lowering pass, shim DMAs that are
generated for those shim tiles will use the registered external buffers. This is currently done because
external buffers typically have a different size than the AIE buffers which are used in the AIE tiles of the
same `objectFifos`.

Example:
```
  aie.objectfifo @of1 (%t70, %t73, 2) : !aie.objectfifo<memref<64xi16>>
  %buffer_in_0  = aie.external_buffer : memref<512 x i16>
  %buffer_in_1  = aie.external_buffer : memref<512 x i16>
  aie.objectfifo.register_external_buffers @of1 (%t70, {buffer_in_0, buffer_in_1}) : (memref<512 x i16>, memref<512 x i16>)
```
This operation registers external buffers `%buffer_in_0` and `%buffer_in_1` to use in the shim_dma of shimTile `%t70`.

Traits: `HasParent<DeviceOp>`

Interfaces: `OpAsmOpInterface`, `TileElement`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>objFifo_name</code></td><td>::mlir::FlatSymbolRefAttr</td><td>flat symbol reference attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |
| `externalBuffers` | variadic of memref of any type values |



### `aie.objectfifo.register_process` (::xilinx::AIE::ObjectFifoRegisterProcessOp)

_Operation that produces the acquire/release patterns for a process registered to an objectFifo_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.objectfifo.register_process` attr-dict $objFifo_name `(`
              $port `,`
              $acquirePatternTensor `:` type($acquirePatternTensor) `,`
              $releasePatternTensor `:` type($releasePatternTensor) `,`
              $callee `,` $length
              `)`
```

The `aie.registerProcess` operation allows the user to register a function to an `objectFifo` along with its
acquire and release patterns. These patterns will be used to generate a sequence of acquires and releases
on the `objectFifo` elements. This generated sequence is often in the form of a for loop, however, in the case
of cyclo-static patterns only the repetition of same number accesses and releases will generate a for loop.
This may result in multiple for loops of different sizes being generated. If there is no repetition, then no
loops will be generated.

Example:
```
  aie.objectfifo @of1 (%t72, %t73, 2) : !aie.objectfifo<memref<16xi32>>
  %length = arith.constant 10 : index
  %acquirePatternProducer = arith.constant dense<[1, 2, 2, 0]> : tensor<4xi32>
  %releasePatternProducer = arith.constant dense<[0, 1, 1, 2]> : tensor<4xi32>
  func @producer_work(%input : !aie.objectfifosubview<memref<16xi32>>) -> () { ... }

  aie.objectfifo.register_process @of1 (Produce, %acquirePatternProducer : tensor<4xi32>, %releasePatternProducer : tensor<4xi32>, @producer_work, %length)
```
This operation registers function @producer_work and associated patterns to the produce end of @of1.
@producer_work will be called with the subviews produced when acquiring elements from @of1 following the acquire pattern.

If the input patterns are static (only one element) then the length of the produced for loop will be that of the input `%length`.
If the input patterns are cyclo-static then they must be of the same size.

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>port</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::ObjectFifoPortAttr</td><td>Ports of an object FIFO</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>objFifo_name</code></td><td>::mlir::FlatSymbolRefAttr</td><td>flat symbol reference attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>callee</code></td><td>::mlir::FlatSymbolRefAttr</td><td>flat symbol reference attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `acquirePatternTensor` | tensor of 32-bit signless integer values |
| `releasePatternTensor` | tensor of 32-bit signless integer values |
| `length` | index |



### `aie.objectfifo.release` (::xilinx::AIE::ObjectFifoReleaseOp)

_Release operation for object locks in an ObjectFifo_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.objectfifo.release` attr-dict $objFifo_name `(` $port `,` $size `)`
```

The `aie.objectFifo.release` operation releases the locks of the given number of objects
in the `objectFifo`. The mode it releases the locks in is chosen based on the `port`
(producer: release for read, consumer: release for write).

This operation is then converted by the `AIEObjectFifoStatefulTransformPass` into `aie.use_lock` operations.

Example:
```
  aie.objectfifo.release @of1 (Produce, 1)
```
This operation releases the lock of the next object in the `objectFifo` named `@of1` from producer port.

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>port</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::ObjectFifoPortAttr</td><td>Ports of an object FIFO</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>objFifo_name</code></td><td>::mlir::FlatSymbolRefAttr</td><td>flat symbol reference attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>size</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 1</td></tr>
</table>



### `aie.objectfifo.subview.access` (::xilinx::AIE::ObjectFifoSubviewAccessOp)

_ObjectFifoSubview type accessor method_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.objectfifo.subview.access` $subview `[` $index `]` attr-dict `:` qualified(type($subview)) `->` qualified(type($output))
```

Access the Nth element of a value of `ObjectFifoSubview` type.

Example:
```
  %subview = aie.objectfifo.acquire @of1 (Produce, 3) : !aie.objectfifosubview<memref<16xi32>>
  %elem = aie.objectfifo.subview.access %subview[0] : !aie.objectfifosubview<memref<16xi32>> -> memref<16xi32>
```
In this example, `%elem` is the first object of the subview. Note that this may not correspond to the first element of
the `objectFifo` if other acquire operations took place beforehand.


#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>index</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `subview` |  |

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| `output` | memref of any type values |



### `aie.packet_dest` (::xilinx::AIE::PacketDestOp)

_A destination port_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.packet_dest` `<` $tile `,` $bundle `:` $channel `>` attr-dict
```

A object representing the destination of a packet-switched flow. This must exist
within an [aie.packet_flow](#aiepacketflow-aiepacketflowop) operation. The destination
Must be unique within a design.

See [aie.packet_flow](#aiepacketflow-aiepacketflowop) for an example.

Traits: `HasParent<PacketFlowOp>`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>bundle</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::WireBundleAttr</td><td>Bundle of wires</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>channel</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |



### `aie.packet_flow` (::xilinx::AIE::PacketFlowOp)

_Packet switched flow_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.packet_flow` `(` $ID `)` regions attr-dict
```

A logical packet-switched flow between tiles.  During place and
route, this is replaced by MasterSets and PacketRules inside
switchboxes.

The optional attribute keep_pkt_header indicates whether each
data packet's packet header gets preserved at the flow's
destination. The optional attribute priority_route indicates
whether the packet flow is routed in priority over other flows,
so that they always get allocated with the same master, slave
ports, arbiters and master selects (msel).

Example:
```
  %01 = aie.tile(0, 1)
  aie.packet_flow(0x10) {
    aie.packet_source<%01, "Core" : 0>
    aie.packet_dest<%01, "Core" : 0>
  }
```

Traits: `SingleBlockImplicitTerminator<EndOp>`, `SingleBlock`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>ID</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>8-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>keep_pkt_header</code></td><td>::mlir::BoolAttr</td><td>bool attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>priority_route</code></td><td>::mlir::BoolAttr</td><td>bool attribute</td></tr>
</table>



### `aie.packet_rules` (::xilinx::AIE::PacketRulesOp)

_Packet switched routing rules_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.packet_rules` `(` $source_bundle `:` $source_channel `)` regions attr-dict
```

This operation defines packet-switched routing configuration for packets entering a switchbox.
It references a port of the containing switchbox, which must be unique among other packetRules
operations and [aie.connect]($aieconnect-aieconnectop) operations in the containing switchbox.
It contains a region of up to 4 [aie.rule](#aierule-aiepacketruleop) operations.

See [aie.rule](#aierule-aiepacketruleop) for an example.

Traits: `SingleBlockImplicitTerminator<EndOp>`, `SingleBlock`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>source_bundle</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::WireBundleAttr</td><td>Bundle of wires</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>source_channel</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
</table>



### `aie.packet_source` (::xilinx::AIE::PacketSourceOp)

_A sourceport_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.packet_source` `<` $tile `,` $bundle `:` $channel `>` attr-dict
```

An object representing the destination of a packet-switched flow. This must exist
within an [aie.packet_flow](#aiepacketflow-aiepacketflowop) operation.

See [aie.packet_flow](#aiepacketflow-aiepacketflowop) for an example.

Traits: `HasParent<PacketFlowOp>`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>bundle</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::WireBundleAttr</td><td>Bundle of wires</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>channel</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |



### `aie.plio` (::xilinx::AIE::PLIOOp)

_Declare an interface to the PL_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.plio` `(` $col `)` attr-dict
```

An interface to the PL.

Interfaces: `InferTypeOpInterface`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>col</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| &laquo;unnamed&raquo; | index |



### `aie.put_cascade` (::xilinx::AIE::PutCascadeOp)

_An op to write to a cascading stream from a neighboring core_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.put_cascade` `(` $cascade_value `:` type($cascade_value) `)` attr-dict
```

An op to write to a cascading stream from a neighboring core.
The argument type of this operation must have a size that matches the cascade size,
which is architecture-dependent. e.g. AIE1: i384 or vector<8xi48>  AIE2: i512 or vector<16xi32>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `cascade_value` | any type |



### `aie.put_stream` (::xilinx::AIE::PutStreamOp)

_An op to write to a stream channel/port of a switchbox_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.put_stream` `(` $channel `:` type($channel) `,` $stream_value `:` type($stream_value) `)` attr-dict
```

An op to write to a stream channel/port of a switchbox.

Traits: `HasParent<CoreOp>`

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `channel` | integer |
| `stream_value` | 32-bit float or 32-bit signless integer or 128-bit signless integer |



### `aie.rule` (::xilinx::AIE::PacketRuleOp)

_Packet switched routing rule_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.rule` `(` $mask `,` $value `,` $amsel `)` attr-dict
```

This operation defines a matching rule and a destination for packet-switched
connections in a switchbox.  Routing is based on the ID field of packet arriving on the
matching port of the containing [aie.packetRules](#aiepacketrules-aiepacketrulesop).
The ID is first bitwise-AND'd with the mask and then checked for equality with the given ID.
It is routed to arbiter and master set associated with the first matching entry.

Example:
  LUT ID  |  Mask     | ID          | Arbiter | Msel
  ---     | ---       | ---         | ---     | ---
  0       |  5'b11111 | 5'b00010    | 4       | 1
  1       |  5'b11011 | 5'b00001    | 3       | 2
  2       |           |             |         |
  3       |           |             |         |

If a packet flow that has an ID of 2, it will be directed to the arbiter 4 with msel 1,
If a packet flow that has an ID of 1 or 5, it will be directed to the arbiter 3 with msel 2,

We encapsulate the configuration table as follows:
Example:
```
  %a4_1 = aie.amsel<4>(1)
  %a3_2 = aie.amsel<3>(2)

  aie.packet_rules("Core" : 0) {
    aie.rule(0x1F, 0x2, %a4_1)
    aie.rule(0x1B, 0x1, %a3_2)
  }
```

Traits: `HasParent<PacketRulesOp>`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>mask</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>8-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>value</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>8-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `amsel` | index |



### `aie.runtime_sequence` (::xilinx::AIE::RuntimeSequenceOp)

_Program the configuration co-processor of the AI Engine array_

Instructions in this operation allow for runtime (re-)configuration of the AI Engine array, such as configuring data movement buffer descriptors.
These instructions will execute on the configuration co-processor of the AI Engine array.

Typically, these instructions include configuring the data transfers between host and AIE array on the shims.
The input arguments are arguments passed in from the host at kernel invocation time. This may include buffers on the host.

Traits: `HasParent<DeviceOp>`, `NoTerminator`

Interfaces: `Symbol`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>sym_name</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
</table>



### `aie.shim_dma` (::xilinx::AIE::ShimDMAOp)

_Declare a DMA in the PL shim_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.shim_dma` `(` $tile `)` regions attr-dict
```

This operation creates a DMA that belongs to a shim tile.
The region of a ShimDMAOp is used to setup the DMAs and Block Descriptors.

Example:
```
  %buf = aie.external_buffer : memref<256xi64>
  %lock1 = aie.lock(%t70, 1)

  %dma = aie.shim_dma(%t70) {
      aie.dma_start(MM2S, 0, ^bd0, ^end)
    ^bd0:
      aie.use_lock(%lock1, Acquire, 1)
      aie.dma_bd(%buf : memref<512 x i16>, 0, 512)
      aie.use_lock(%lock1, Release, 0)
      aie.next_bd ^bd0
    ^end:
      aie.end
  }
```
Create the shim_dma for tile `%t70` and setup one DMA channel and one Buffer Descriptor.

Traits: `HasValidBDs`, `HasValidDMAChannels`

Interfaces: `FlowEndPoint`, `InferTypeOpInterface`, `OpAsmOpInterface`, `TileElement`

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| &laquo;unnamed&raquo; | index |



### `aie.shim_dma_allocation` (::xilinx::AIE::ShimDMAAllocationOp)

_Runtime allocation information for a single shim DMA_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.shim_dma_allocation` $sym_name `(` $tile `,` $channel_dir `,` $channel_index (`,` $packet^)? `)` attr-dict
```

This op exists for cases where shim_dma configuration is performed outside of MLIR-AIE
and hence there is no appropriate dma_start operation to indicate which channel is being
used and on which shim tile the shim_dma is.

It contains attributes for the sym_name of an operation which generated the shim DMA,
for the DMAChannelDir and channel index, and a reference to the shim tile.

Example:
```
  %tile00 = aie.tile(0, 0)
  %tile02 = aie.tile(0, 2)
  aie.objectfifo @of_in_0 (%tile00, { %tile02 }, 2) : !aie.objectfifo<memref<64xi16>>
```
could produce the following allocation info (channel direction MM2S, channel index 1, on tile %tile00):
```
  aie.shim_dma_allocation @of_in_0 (%tile00, MM2S, 1)
```

Traits: `HasParent<DeviceOp>`

Interfaces: `Symbol`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>sym_name</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>channel_dir</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::DMAChannelDirAttr</td><td>DMA Channel direction</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>channel_index</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>64-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>plio</code></td><td>::mlir::BoolAttr</td><td>bool attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>packet</code></td><td>::xilinx::AIE::PacketInfoAttr</td><td>
    Tuple encoding the type and header of a packet;
  </td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |



### `aie.shim_mux` (::xilinx::AIE::ShimMuxOp)

_Declare a switch in the PL shim_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.shim_mux` `(` $tile `)` regions attr-dict
```

This operation represents the additional interconnect that is part of a shim interface tile.
Like the `aie.switchbox` operation, `aie.shim_mux` is configured
by code in its region, but can only contain connect operations

Example:
```
%tile = aie.tile(1, 1)
aie.shim_mux(%tile) {
  aie.connect<"North" : 0, "DMA" : 1>
}
```

Traits: `SingleBlockImplicitTerminator<EndOp>`, `SingleBlock`

Interfaces: `InferTypeOpInterface`, `Interconnect`, `OpAsmOpInterface`, `TileElement`

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| &laquo;unnamed&raquo; | index |



### `aie.shim_switchbox` (::xilinx::AIE::ShimSwitchboxOp)

_Declare a switch in the PL shim_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.shim_switchbox` `(` $col `)` regions attr-dict
```

A switch in the Shim.
AXI-Stream Master Ports AXI-Stream Slave Ports
6 Ports to North (Core Tile) 4 Ports from North (Core Tile)
4 Ports to West 4 Ports from West
4 Ports to East 4 Ports from East
6 Ports to South (DMA, NoC I/F, PL I/F) 8 Ports from South (DMA, NoC I/F, PL I/F)
2 Ports to FIFOs 2 Ports from FIFOs
1 Port for control packet for Shim register access
1 Port for response to access for Shim registers
1 Port for trace packet from Shim


Traits: `SingleBlockImplicitTerminator<EndOp>`, `SingleBlock`

Interfaces: `InferTypeOpInterface`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>col</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| &laquo;unnamed&raquo; | index |



### `aie.switchbox` (::xilinx::AIE::SwitchboxOp)

_Declare a switch_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.switchbox` `(` $tile `)` regions attr-dict
```

This operation represents the switchbox that is part of a tile.  A switchbox is configured
by code in its region, representing various connections

Example:
```
%tile = aie.tile(1, 1)
aie.switchbox(%tile) {
  aie.connect<"West" : 0, "Core" : 1>
}
```

Traits: `SingleBlockImplicitTerminator<EndOp>`, `SingleBlock`

Interfaces: `InferTypeOpInterface`, `Interconnect`, `OpAsmOpInterface`, `TileElement`

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `tile` | index |

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| `result` | index |



### `aie.tile` (::xilinx::AIE::TileOp)

_Declare an AIE tile_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.tile` `(` $col `,` $row `)` attr-dict
```

This operation creates an AIE tile in the AIE array. We specify the column and the row of the tile. 
Optionally, we can specify the memory allocation scheme for the tile (basic-sequential or bank-aware).

A tile encompasses core module (CoreOp), memory module (MemOp), stream switch (SwitchboxOp),
memory buffer (BufferOp), and lock (LockOp).

A tile is a logical abstraction. We use a tile to establish ownership of a hardware entity.

Note that row 0 of the Tile array is different from other rows, since it models the shim interface between
the AIE array proper and the PL. The South-West/Lower Right most core exists in Tile(0,1).

Traits: `AlwaysSpeculatableImplTrait`

Interfaces: `ConditionallySpeculatable`, `FlowEndPoint`, `InferTypeOpInterface`, `NoMemoryEffect (MemoryEffectOpInterface)`, `OpAsmOpInterface`

Effects: `MemoryEffects::Effect{}`

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>col</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>row</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute whose minimum value is 0</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>allocation_scheme</code></td><td>::mlir::StringAttr</td><td>string attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Results:

| Result | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| `result` | index |



### `aie.use_lock` (::xilinx::AIE::UseLockOp)

_Acquire/release lock op_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.use_lock` `(` $lock `,` $action (`,` $value^)? (`,` $blocking^)? `)` attr-dict
```

This operation uses a lock.
AIE1 locks are binary locks while AIE2 locks are counting semaphores
without an inherent acquire/release characteristic.
This operation must appear in a parent op where the tile can be determined
(A CoreOp, a ShimDMAOp, a MemOp, or a MemTileDMAOp).
The behavior of this operation is dependent on `action`:
- Acquire: blocks execution until the lock is set to `value`.
- AcquireGreaterEqual (only AIE2): blocks execution until the lock is set to `value` or greater.
  Then, the value of the lock is decremented by `value`.
- Release: In AIE1, set the lock to `value`.
  In AIE2, increment the lock by `value`.

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>action</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::LockActionAttr</td><td>lock acquire/release</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>value</code></td><td>::mlir::IntegerAttr</td><td>32-bit signless integer attribute</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>blocking</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::LockBlockingAttr</td><td>lock operation is blocking</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>acq_en</code></td><td>::mlir::BoolAttr</td><td>bool attribute</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `lock` | index |



### `aie.wire` (::xilinx::AIE::WireOp)

_A bundle of physical wires between components_

Syntax:

```
operation ::= `aie.wire` `(` $source `:` $source_bundle `,` $dest `:` $dest_bundle `)` attr-dict
```

The `aie.wire` operation represents a physical set of connections between components in a Versal device.
Typically, these components are switches, represented by an `aie.switchbox` operation, and tiles,
represented by an [aie.tile](#aietile-aietileop) operation.

#### Attributes:

<table>
<tr><th>Attribute</th><th>MLIR Type</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>source_bundle</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::WireBundleAttr</td><td>Bundle of wires</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dest_bundle</code></td><td>xilinx::AIE::WireBundleAttr</td><td>Bundle of wires</td></tr>
</table>

#### Operands:

| Operand | Description |
| :-----: | ----------- |
| `source` | index |
| `dest` | index |



## Attributes

### BDDimLayoutArrayArrayAttr

Syntax:

```
#aie.bd_dim_layout_array_array<
  ::llvm::ArrayRef<BDDimLayoutArrayAttr>   # value
>
```

#### Parameters:

| Parameter | C++ type | Description |
| :-------: | :-------: | ----------- |
| value | `::llvm::ArrayRef<BDDimLayoutArrayAttr>` |  |

### BDDimLayoutArrayAttr

Syntax:

```
#aie.bd_dim_layout_array<
  ::llvm::ArrayRef<BDDimLayoutAttr>   # value
>
```

#### Parameters:

| Parameter | C++ type | Description |
| :-------: | :-------: | ----------- |
| value | `::llvm::ArrayRef<BDDimLayoutAttr>` |  |

### BDDimLayoutAttr

_Tuple encoding the stride and size of one dimension in an AIE2 n-dimensional
    buffer descriptor;_

Syntax:

```
#aie.bd_dim_layout<
  uint32_t,   # size
  uint32_t   # stride
>
```

#### Parameters:

| Parameter | C++ type | Description |
| :-------: | :-------: | ----------- |
| size | `uint32_t` |  |
| stride | `uint32_t` |  |

### BDPadLayoutArrayAttr

Syntax:

```
#aie.bd_pad_layout_array<
  ::llvm::ArrayRef<BDPadLayoutAttr>   # value
>
```

#### Parameters:

| Parameter | C++ type | Description |
| :-------: | :-------: | ----------- |
| value | `::llvm::ArrayRef<BDPadLayoutAttr>` |  |

### BDPadLayoutAttr

_Tuple encoding number of zeros before and after on that dimension in an AIE2 
    n-dimensional buffer descriptor;_

Syntax:

```
#aie.bd_pad_layout<
  uint16_t,   # const_pad_before
  uint16_t   # const_pad_after
>
```

#### Parameters:

| Parameter | C++ type | Description |
| :-------: | :-------: | ----------- |
| const_pad_before | `uint16_t` |  |
| const_pad_after | `uint16_t` |  |

### PacketInfoAttr

_Tuple encoding the type and header of a packet;_

Syntax:

```
#aie.packet_info<
  uint16_t,   # pkt_type
  uint16_t   # pkt_id
>
```

#### Parameters:

| Parameter | C++ type | Description |
| :-------: | :-------: | ----------- |
| pkt_type | `uint16_t` |  |
| pkt_id | `uint16_t` |  |

## Types

### AIEObjectFifoSubviewType

Syntax:

```
!aie.objectfifosubview<
  ::mlir::MemRefType   # memref
>
```

An Object FIFO subview represents a subview of an object FIFO.

#### Parameters:

| Parameter | C++ type | Description |
| :-------: | :-------: | ----------- |
| memref | `::mlir::MemRefType` | memref of any type values |

### AIEObjectFifoType

Syntax:

```
!aie.objectfifo<
  ::mlir::MemRefType   # memref
>
```

An object FIFO represents the data movement connection between a source and one or multiple destinations.

#### Parameters:

| Parameter | C++ type | Description |
| :-------: | :-------: | ----------- |
| memref | `::mlir::MemRefType` | memref of any type values |

## Enums

### AIEArch

_AIE Architecture_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| AIE1 | `1` | AIE1 |
| AIE2 | `2` | AIE2 |
| AIE2p | `3` | AIE2p |

### AIEDevice

_AIE Device_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| xcvc1902 | `1` | xcvc1902 |
| xcve2302 | `2` | xcve2302 |
| xcve2802 | `3` | xcve2802 |
| npu1 | `4` | npu1 |
| npu1_1col | `5` | npu1_1col |
| npu1_2col | `6` | npu1_2col |
| npu1_3col | `7` | npu1_3col |
| npu2 | `8` | npu2 |
| npu2_1col | `9` | npu2_1col |
| npu2_2col | `10` | npu2_2col |
| npu2_3col | `11` | npu2_3col |
| npu2_4col | `12` | npu2_4col |
| npu2_5col | `13` | npu2_5col |
| npu2_6col | `14` | npu2_6col |
| npu2_7col | `15` | npu2_7col |

### CascadeDir

_Directions for cascade_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| South | `3` | South |
| West | `4` | West |
| North | `5` | North |
| East | `6` | East |

### CoreEvent

_Core module event enumeration for AIE_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NONE | `0` | NONE |
| TRUE | `1` | TRUE |
| GROUP_0 | `2` | GROUP_0 |
| TIMER_SYNC | `3` | TIMER_SYNC |
| TIMER_VALUE_REACHED | `4` | TIMER_VALUE_REACHED |
| PERF_CNT_0 | `5` | PERF_CNT_0 |
| PERF_CNT_1 | `6` | PERF_CNT_1 |
| PERF_CNT_2 | `7` | PERF_CNT_2 |
| PERF_CNT_3 | `8` | PERF_CNT_3 |
| COMBO_EVENT_0 | `9` | COMBO_EVENT_0 |
| COMBO_EVENT_1 | `10` | COMBO_EVENT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_2 | `11` | COMBO_EVENT_2 |
| COMBO_EVENT_3 | `12` | COMBO_EVENT_3 |
| GROUP_PC_EVENT | `15` | GROUP_PC_EVENT |
| PC_0 | `16` | PC_0 |
| PC_1 | `17` | PC_1 |
| PC_2 | `18` | PC_2 |
| PC_3 | `19` | PC_3 |
| PC_RANGE_0_1 | `20` | PC_RANGE_0_1 |
| PC_RANGE_2_3 | `21` | PC_RANGE_2_3 |
| GROUP_STALL | `22` | GROUP_STALL |
| MEMORY_STALL | `23` | MEMORY_STALL |
| STREAM_STALL | `24` | STREAM_STALL |
| CASCADE_STALL | `25` | CASCADE_STALL |
| LOCK_STALL | `26` | LOCK_STALL |
| DEBUG_HALTED | `27` | DEBUG_HALTED |
| ACTIVE | `28` | ACTIVE |
| DISABLED | `29` | DISABLED |
| ECC_ERROR_STALL | `30` | ECC_ERROR_STALL |
| ECC_SCRUBBING_STALL | `31` | ECC_SCRUBBING_STALL |
| GROUP_PROGRAM_FLOW | `32` | GROUP_PROGRAM_FLOW |
| INSTR_EVENT_0 | `33` | INSTR_EVENT_0 |
| INSTR_EVENT_1 | `34` | INSTR_EVENT_1 |
| INSTR_CALL | `35` | INSTR_CALL |
| INSTR_RETURN | `36` | INSTR_RETURN |
| INSTR_VECTOR | `37` | INSTR_VECTOR |
| INSTR_LOAD | `38` | INSTR_LOAD |
| INSTR_STORE | `39` | INSTR_STORE |
| INSTR_STREAM_GET | `40` | INSTR_STREAM_GET |
| INSTR_STREAM_PUT | `41` | INSTR_STREAM_PUT |
| INSTR_CASCADE_GET | `42` | INSTR_CASCADE_GET |
| INSTR_CASCADE_PUT | `43` | INSTR_CASCADE_PUT |
| INSTR_LOCK_ACQUIRE_REQ | `44` | INSTR_LOCK_ACQUIRE_REQ |
| INSTR_LOCK_RELEASE_REQ | `45` | INSTR_LOCK_RELEASE_REQ |
| GROUP_ERRORS_0 | `46` | GROUP_ERRORS_0 |
| GROUP_ERRORS_1 | `47` | GROUP_ERRORS_1 |
| SRS_SATURATE | `48` | SRS_SATURATE |
| UPS_SATURATE | `49` | UPS_SATURATE |
| FP_OVERFLOW | `50` | FP_OVERFLOW |
| FP_UNDERFLOW | `51` | FP_UNDERFLOW |
| FP_INVALID | `52` | FP_INVALID |
| FP_DIV_BY_ZERO | `53` | FP_DIV_BY_ZERO |
| TLAST_IN_WSS_WORDS_0_2 | `54` | TLAST_IN_WSS_WORDS_0_2 |
| PM_REG_ACCESS_FAILURE | `55` | PM_REG_ACCESS_FAILURE |
| STREAM_PKT_PARITY_ERROR | `56` | STREAM_PKT_PARITY_ERROR |
| CONTROL_PKT_ERROR | `57` | CONTROL_PKT_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR | `58` | AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR |
| INSTR_DECOMPRSN_ERROR | `59` | INSTR_DECOMPRSN_ERROR |
| DM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE | `60` | DM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED | `61` | PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT | `62` | PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT | `63` | PM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT | `64` | PM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT |
| PM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE | `65` | PM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE |
| DM_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE | `66` | DM_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE |
| LOCK_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE | `67` | LOCK_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE |
| INSTR_EVENT_2 | `68` | INSTR_EVENT_2 |
| INSTR_EVENT_3 | `69` | INSTR_EVENT_3 |
| GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH | `73` | GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH |
| PORT_IDLE_0 | `74` | PORT_IDLE_0 |
| PORT_RUNNING_0 | `75` | PORT_RUNNING_0 |
| PORT_STALLED_0 | `76` | PORT_STALLED_0 |
| PORT_TLAST_0 | `77` | PORT_TLAST_0 |
| PORT_IDLE_1 | `78` | PORT_IDLE_1 |
| PORT_RUNNING_1 | `79` | PORT_RUNNING_1 |
| PORT_STALLED_1 | `80` | PORT_STALLED_1 |
| PORT_TLAST_1 | `81` | PORT_TLAST_1 |
| PORT_IDLE_2 | `82` | PORT_IDLE_2 |
| PORT_RUNNING_2 | `83` | PORT_RUNNING_2 |
| PORT_STALLED_2 | `84` | PORT_STALLED_2 |
| PORT_TLAST_2 | `85` | PORT_TLAST_2 |
| PORT_IDLE_3 | `86` | PORT_IDLE_3 |
| PORT_RUNNING_3 | `87` | PORT_RUNNING_3 |
| PORT_STALLED_3 | `88` | PORT_STALLED_3 |
| PORT_TLAST_3 | `89` | PORT_TLAST_3 |
| PORT_IDLE_4 | `90` | PORT_IDLE_4 |
| PORT_RUNNING_4 | `91` | PORT_RUNNING_4 |
| PORT_STALLED_4 | `92` | PORT_STALLED_4 |
| PORT_TLAST_4 | `93` | PORT_TLAST_4 |
| PORT_IDLE_5 | `94` | PORT_IDLE_5 |
| PORT_RUNNING_5 | `95` | PORT_RUNNING_5 |
| PORT_STALLED_5 | `96` | PORT_STALLED_5 |
| PORT_TLAST_5 | `97` | PORT_TLAST_5 |
| PORT_IDLE_6 | `98` | PORT_IDLE_6 |
| PORT_RUNNING_6 | `99` | PORT_RUNNING_6 |
| PORT_STALLED_6 | `100` | PORT_STALLED_6 |
| PORT_TLAST_6 | `101` | PORT_TLAST_6 |
| PORT_IDLE_7 | `102` | PORT_IDLE_7 |
| PORT_RUNNING_7 | `103` | PORT_RUNNING_7 |
| PORT_STALLED_7 | `104` | PORT_STALLED_7 |
| PORT_TLAST_7 | `105` | PORT_TLAST_7 |
| GROUP_BROADCAST | `106` | GROUP_BROADCAST |
| BROADCAST_0 | `107` | BROADCAST_0 |
| BROADCAST_1 | `108` | BROADCAST_1 |
| BROADCAST_2 | `109` | BROADCAST_2 |
| BROADCAST_3 | `110` | BROADCAST_3 |
| BROADCAST_4 | `111` | BROADCAST_4 |
| BROADCAST_5 | `112` | BROADCAST_5 |
| BROADCAST_6 | `113` | BROADCAST_6 |
| BROADCAST_7 | `114` | BROADCAST_7 |
| BROADCAST_8 | `115` | BROADCAST_8 |
| BROADCAST_9 | `116` | BROADCAST_9 |
| BROADCAST_10 | `117` | BROADCAST_10 |
| BROADCAST_11 | `118` | BROADCAST_11 |
| BROADCAST_12 | `119` | BROADCAST_12 |
| BROADCAST_13 | `120` | BROADCAST_13 |
| BROADCAST_14 | `121` | BROADCAST_14 |
| BROADCAST_15 | `122` | BROADCAST_15 |
| GROUP_USER_EVENT | `123` | GROUP_USER_EVENT |
| USER_EVENT_0 | `124` | USER_EVENT_0 |
| USER_EVENT_1 | `125` | USER_EVENT_1 |
| USER_EVENT_2 | `126` | USER_EVENT_2 |
| USER_EVENT_3 | `127` | USER_EVENT_3 |

### CoreEventAIE2

_Core module event enumeration for AIE2_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NONE | `0` | NONE |
| TRUE | `1` | TRUE |
| GROUP_0 | `2` | GROUP_0 |
| TIMER_SYNC | `3` | TIMER_SYNC |
| TIMER_VALUE_REACHED | `4` | TIMER_VALUE_REACHED |
| PERF_CNT_0 | `5` | PERF_CNT_0 |
| PERF_CNT_1 | `6` | PERF_CNT_1 |
| PERF_CNT_2 | `7` | PERF_CNT_2 |
| PERF_CNT_3 | `8` | PERF_CNT_3 |
| COMBO_EVENT_0 | `9` | COMBO_EVENT_0 |
| COMBO_EVENT_1 | `10` | COMBO_EVENT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_2 | `11` | COMBO_EVENT_2 |
| COMBO_EVENT_3 | `12` | COMBO_EVENT_3 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 | `13` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 | `14` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 |
| GROUP_PC_EVENT | `15` | GROUP_PC_EVENT |
| PC_0 | `16` | PC_0 |
| PC_1 | `17` | PC_1 |
| PC_2 | `18` | PC_2 |
| PC_3 | `19` | PC_3 |
| PC_RANGE_0_1 | `20` | PC_RANGE_0_1 |
| PC_RANGE_2_3 | `21` | PC_RANGE_2_3 |
| GROUP_STALL | `22` | GROUP_STALL |
| MEMORY_STALL | `23` | MEMORY_STALL |
| STREAM_STALL | `24` | STREAM_STALL |
| CASCADE_STALL | `25` | CASCADE_STALL |
| LOCK_STALL | `26` | LOCK_STALL |
| DEBUG_HALTED | `27` | DEBUG_HALTED |
| ACTIVE | `28` | ACTIVE |
| DISABLED | `29` | DISABLED |
| ECC_ERROR_STALL | `30` | ECC_ERROR_STALL |
| ECC_SCRUBBING_STALL | `31` | ECC_SCRUBBING_STALL |
| GROUP_PROGRAM_FLOW | `32` | GROUP_PROGRAM_FLOW |
| INSTR_EVENT_0 | `33` | INSTR_EVENT_0 |
| INSTR_EVENT_1 | `34` | INSTR_EVENT_1 |
| INSTR_CALL | `35` | INSTR_CALL |
| INSTR_RETURN | `36` | INSTR_RETURN |
| INSTR_VECTOR | `37` | INSTR_VECTOR |
| INSTR_LOAD | `38` | INSTR_LOAD |
| INSTR_STORE | `39` | INSTR_STORE |
| INSTR_STREAM_GET | `40` | INSTR_STREAM_GET |
| INSTR_STREAM_PUT | `41` | INSTR_STREAM_PUT |
| INSTR_CASCADE_GET | `42` | INSTR_CASCADE_GET |
| INSTR_CASCADE_PUT | `43` | INSTR_CASCADE_PUT |
| INSTR_LOCK_ACQUIRE_REQ | `44` | INSTR_LOCK_ACQUIRE_REQ |
| INSTR_LOCK_RELEASE_REQ | `45` | INSTR_LOCK_RELEASE_REQ |
| GROUP_ERRORS_0 | `46` | GROUP_ERRORS_0 |
| GROUP_ERRORS_1 | `47` | GROUP_ERRORS_1 |
| SRS_OVERFLOW | `48` | SRS_OVERFLOW |
| UPS_OVERFLOW | `49` | UPS_OVERFLOW |
| FP_HUGE | `50` | FP_HUGE |
| INT_FP_0 | `51` | INT_FP_0 |
| FP_INVALID | `52` | FP_INVALID |
| FP_INF | `53` | FP_INF |
| PM_REG_ACCESS_FAILURE | `55` | PM_REG_ACCESS_FAILURE |
| STREAM_PKT_PARITY_ERROR | `56` | STREAM_PKT_PARITY_ERROR |
| CONTROL_PKT_ERROR | `57` | CONTROL_PKT_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR | `58` | AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR |
| INSTR_DECOMPRSN_ERROR | `59` | INSTR_DECOMPRSN_ERROR |
| DM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE | `60` | DM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED | `61` | PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT | `62` | PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT | `63` | PM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT | `64` | PM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT |
| PM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE | `65` | PM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE |
| DM_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE | `66` | DM_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE |
| LOCK_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE | `67` | LOCK_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE |
| INSTR_WARNING | `68` | INSTR_WARNING |
| INSTR_ERROR | `69` | INSTR_ERROR |
| DECOMPRESSION_UNDERFLOW | `70` | DECOMPRESSION_UNDERFLOW |
| STREAM_SWITCH_PORT_PARITY_ERROR | `71` | STREAM_SWITCH_PORT_PARITY_ERROR |
| PROCESSOR_BUS_ERROR | `72` | PROCESSOR_BUS_ERROR |
| GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH | `73` | GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH |
| PORT_IDLE_0 | `74` | PORT_IDLE_0 |
| PORT_RUNNING_0 | `75` | PORT_RUNNING_0 |
| PORT_STALLED_0 | `76` | PORT_STALLED_0 |
| PORT_TLAST_0 | `77` | PORT_TLAST_0 |
| PORT_IDLE_1 | `78` | PORT_IDLE_1 |
| PORT_RUNNING_1 | `79` | PORT_RUNNING_1 |
| PORT_STALLED_1 | `80` | PORT_STALLED_1 |
| PORT_TLAST_1 | `81` | PORT_TLAST_1 |
| PORT_IDLE_2 | `82` | PORT_IDLE_2 |
| PORT_RUNNING_2 | `83` | PORT_RUNNING_2 |
| PORT_STALLED_2 | `84` | PORT_STALLED_2 |
| PORT_TLAST_2 | `85` | PORT_TLAST_2 |
| PORT_IDLE_3 | `86` | PORT_IDLE_3 |
| PORT_RUNNING_3 | `87` | PORT_RUNNING_3 |
| PORT_STALLED_3 | `88` | PORT_STALLED_3 |
| PORT_TLAST_3 | `89` | PORT_TLAST_3 |
| PORT_IDLE_4 | `90` | PORT_IDLE_4 |
| PORT_RUNNING_4 | `91` | PORT_RUNNING_4 |
| PORT_STALLED_4 | `92` | PORT_STALLED_4 |
| PORT_TLAST_4 | `93` | PORT_TLAST_4 |
| PORT_IDLE_5 | `94` | PORT_IDLE_5 |
| PORT_RUNNING_5 | `95` | PORT_RUNNING_5 |
| PORT_STALLED_5 | `96` | PORT_STALLED_5 |
| PORT_TLAST_5 | `97` | PORT_TLAST_5 |
| PORT_IDLE_6 | `98` | PORT_IDLE_6 |
| PORT_RUNNING_6 | `99` | PORT_RUNNING_6 |
| PORT_STALLED_6 | `100` | PORT_STALLED_6 |
| PORT_TLAST_6 | `101` | PORT_TLAST_6 |
| PORT_IDLE_7 | `102` | PORT_IDLE_7 |
| PORT_RUNNING_7 | `103` | PORT_RUNNING_7 |
| PORT_STALLED_7 | `104` | PORT_STALLED_7 |
| PORT_TLAST_7 | `105` | PORT_TLAST_7 |
| GROUP_BROADCAST | `106` | GROUP_BROADCAST |
| BROADCAST_0 | `107` | BROADCAST_0 |
| BROADCAST_1 | `108` | BROADCAST_1 |
| BROADCAST_2 | `109` | BROADCAST_2 |
| BROADCAST_3 | `110` | BROADCAST_3 |
| BROADCAST_4 | `111` | BROADCAST_4 |
| BROADCAST_5 | `112` | BROADCAST_5 |
| BROADCAST_6 | `113` | BROADCAST_6 |
| BROADCAST_7 | `114` | BROADCAST_7 |
| BROADCAST_8 | `115` | BROADCAST_8 |
| BROADCAST_9 | `116` | BROADCAST_9 |
| BROADCAST_10 | `117` | BROADCAST_10 |
| BROADCAST_11 | `118` | BROADCAST_11 |
| BROADCAST_12 | `119` | BROADCAST_12 |
| BROADCAST_13 | `120` | BROADCAST_13 |
| BROADCAST_14 | `121` | BROADCAST_14 |
| BROADCAST_15 | `122` | BROADCAST_15 |
| GROUP_USER_EVENT | `123` | GROUP_USER_EVENT |
| USER_EVENT_0 | `124` | USER_EVENT_0 |
| USER_EVENT_1 | `125` | USER_EVENT_1 |
| USER_EVENT_2 | `126` | USER_EVENT_2 |
| USER_EVENT_3 | `127` | USER_EVENT_3 |

### CoreEventAIE2P

_Core module event enumeration for AIE2P_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NONE | `0` | NONE |
| TRUE | `1` | TRUE |
| GROUP_0 | `2` | GROUP_0 |
| TIMER_SYNC | `3` | TIMER_SYNC |
| TIMER_VALUE_REACHED | `4` | TIMER_VALUE_REACHED |
| PERF_CNT_0 | `5` | PERF_CNT_0 |
| PERF_CNT_1 | `6` | PERF_CNT_1 |
| PERF_CNT_2 | `7` | PERF_CNT_2 |
| PERF_CNT_3 | `8` | PERF_CNT_3 |
| COMBO_EVENT_0 | `9` | COMBO_EVENT_0 |
| COMBO_EVENT_1 | `10` | COMBO_EVENT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_2 | `11` | COMBO_EVENT_2 |
| COMBO_EVENT_3 | `12` | COMBO_EVENT_3 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 | `13` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 | `14` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 |
| GROUP_PC_EVENT | `15` | GROUP_PC_EVENT |
| PC_0 | `16` | PC_0 |
| PC_1 | `17` | PC_1 |
| PC_2 | `18` | PC_2 |
| PC_3 | `19` | PC_3 |
| PC_RANGE_0_1 | `20` | PC_RANGE_0_1 |
| PC_RANGE_2_3 | `21` | PC_RANGE_2_3 |
| GROUP_STALL | `22` | GROUP_STALL |
| MEMORY_STALL | `23` | MEMORY_STALL |
| STREAM_STALL | `24` | STREAM_STALL |
| CASCADE_STALL | `25` | CASCADE_STALL |
| LOCK_STALL | `26` | LOCK_STALL |
| DEBUG_HALTED | `27` | DEBUG_HALTED |
| ACTIVE | `28` | ACTIVE |
| DISABLED | `29` | DISABLED |
| ECC_ERROR_STALL | `30` | ECC_ERROR_STALL |
| ECC_SCRUBBING_STALL | `31` | ECC_SCRUBBING_STALL |
| GROUP_PROGRAM_FLOW | `32` | GROUP_PROGRAM_FLOW |
| INSTR_EVENT_0 | `33` | INSTR_EVENT_0 |
| INSTR_EVENT_1 | `34` | INSTR_EVENT_1 |
| INSTR_CALL | `35` | INSTR_CALL |
| INSTR_RETURN | `36` | INSTR_RETURN |
| INSTR_VECTOR | `37` | INSTR_VECTOR |
| INSTR_LOAD | `38` | INSTR_LOAD |
| INSTR_STORE | `39` | INSTR_STORE |
| INSTR_STREAM_GET | `40` | INSTR_STREAM_GET |
| INSTR_STREAM_PUT | `41` | INSTR_STREAM_PUT |
| INSTR_CASCADE_GET | `42` | INSTR_CASCADE_GET |
| INSTR_CASCADE_PUT | `43` | INSTR_CASCADE_PUT |
| INSTR_LOCK_ACQUIRE_REQ | `44` | INSTR_LOCK_ACQUIRE_REQ |
| INSTR_LOCK_RELEASE_REQ | `45` | INSTR_LOCK_RELEASE_REQ |
| GROUP_ERRORS_0 | `46` | GROUP_ERRORS_0 |
| GROUP_ERRORS_1 | `47` | GROUP_ERRORS_1 |
| SRS_OVERFLOW | `48` | SRS_OVERFLOW |
| UPS_OVERFLOW | `49` | UPS_OVERFLOW |
| FP_HUGE | `50` | FP_HUGE |
| INT_FP_0 | `51` | INT_FP_0 |
| FP_INVALID | `52` | FP_INVALID |
| FP_INF | `53` | FP_INF |
| PM_REG_ACCESS_FAILURE | `55` | PM_REG_ACCESS_FAILURE |
| STREAM_PKT_PARITY_ERROR | `56` | STREAM_PKT_PARITY_ERROR |
| CONTROL_PKT_ERROR | `57` | CONTROL_PKT_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR | `58` | AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR |
| INSTR_DECOMPRSN_ERROR | `59` | INSTR_DECOMPRSN_ERROR |
| DM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE | `60` | DM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED | `61` | PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT | `62` | PM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT | `63` | PM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT |
| PM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT | `64` | PM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT |
| PM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE | `65` | PM_ADDRESS_OUT_OF_RANGE |
| DM_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE | `66` | DM_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE |
| LOCK_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE | `67` | LOCK_ACCESS_TO_UNAVAILABLE |
| INSTR_WARNING | `68` | INSTR_WARNING |
| INSTR_ERROR | `69` | INSTR_ERROR |
| SPARSITY_OVERFLOW | `70` | SPARSITY_OVERFLOW |
| STREAM_SWITCH_PORT_PARITY_ERROR | `71` | STREAM_SWITCH_PORT_PARITY_ERROR |
| PROCESSOR_BUS_ERROR | `72` | PROCESSOR_BUS_ERROR |
| GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH | `73` | GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH |
| PORT_IDLE_0 | `74` | PORT_IDLE_0 |
| PORT_RUNNING_0 | `75` | PORT_RUNNING_0 |
| PORT_STALLED_0 | `76` | PORT_STALLED_0 |
| PORT_TLAST_0 | `77` | PORT_TLAST_0 |
| PORT_IDLE_1 | `78` | PORT_IDLE_1 |
| PORT_RUNNING_1 | `79` | PORT_RUNNING_1 |
| PORT_STALLED_1 | `80` | PORT_STALLED_1 |
| PORT_TLAST_1 | `81` | PORT_TLAST_1 |
| PORT_IDLE_2 | `82` | PORT_IDLE_2 |
| PORT_RUNNING_2 | `83` | PORT_RUNNING_2 |
| PORT_STALLED_2 | `84` | PORT_STALLED_2 |
| PORT_TLAST_2 | `85` | PORT_TLAST_2 |
| PORT_IDLE_3 | `86` | PORT_IDLE_3 |
| PORT_RUNNING_3 | `87` | PORT_RUNNING_3 |
| PORT_STALLED_3 | `88` | PORT_STALLED_3 |
| PORT_TLAST_3 | `89` | PORT_TLAST_3 |
| PORT_IDLE_4 | `90` | PORT_IDLE_4 |
| PORT_RUNNING_4 | `91` | PORT_RUNNING_4 |
| PORT_STALLED_4 | `92` | PORT_STALLED_4 |
| PORT_TLAST_4 | `93` | PORT_TLAST_4 |
| PORT_IDLE_5 | `94` | PORT_IDLE_5 |
| PORT_RUNNING_5 | `95` | PORT_RUNNING_5 |
| PORT_STALLED_5 | `96` | PORT_STALLED_5 |
| PORT_TLAST_5 | `97` | PORT_TLAST_5 |
| PORT_IDLE_6 | `98` | PORT_IDLE_6 |
| PORT_RUNNING_6 | `99` | PORT_RUNNING_6 |
| PORT_STALLED_6 | `100` | PORT_STALLED_6 |
| PORT_TLAST_6 | `101` | PORT_TLAST_6 |
| PORT_IDLE_7 | `102` | PORT_IDLE_7 |
| PORT_RUNNING_7 | `103` | PORT_RUNNING_7 |
| PORT_STALLED_7 | `104` | PORT_STALLED_7 |
| PORT_TLAST_7 | `105` | PORT_TLAST_7 |
| GROUP_BROADCAST | `106` | GROUP_BROADCAST |
| BROADCAST_0 | `107` | BROADCAST_0 |
| BROADCAST_1 | `108` | BROADCAST_1 |
| BROADCAST_2 | `109` | BROADCAST_2 |
| BROADCAST_3 | `110` | BROADCAST_3 |
| BROADCAST_4 | `111` | BROADCAST_4 |
| BROADCAST_5 | `112` | BROADCAST_5 |
| BROADCAST_6 | `113` | BROADCAST_6 |
| BROADCAST_7 | `114` | BROADCAST_7 |
| BROADCAST_8 | `115` | BROADCAST_8 |
| BROADCAST_9 | `116` | BROADCAST_9 |
| BROADCAST_10 | `117` | BROADCAST_10 |
| BROADCAST_11 | `118` | BROADCAST_11 |
| BROADCAST_12 | `119` | BROADCAST_12 |
| BROADCAST_13 | `120` | BROADCAST_13 |
| BROADCAST_14 | `121` | BROADCAST_14 |
| BROADCAST_15 | `122` | BROADCAST_15 |
| GROUP_USER_EVENT | `123` | GROUP_USER_EVENT |
| USER_EVENT_0 | `124` | USER_EVENT_0 |
| USER_EVENT_1 | `125` | USER_EVENT_1 |
| USER_EVENT_2 | `126` | USER_EVENT_2 |
| USER_EVENT_3 | `127` | USER_EVENT_3 |

### DMAChannelDir

_DMA Channel direction_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| S2MM | `0` | S2MM |
| MM2S | `1` | MM2S |

### LockAction

_Lock acquire/release_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| Acquire | `0` | Acquire |
| AcquireGreaterEqual | `2` | AcquireGreaterEqual |
| Release | `1` | Release |

### LockBlocking

_Lock operation is blocking_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NonBlocking | `0` | NonBlocking |
| Blocking | `1` | Blocking |

### MemEvent

_Memory module event enumeration for AIE_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NONE | `0` | NONE |
| TRUE | `1` | TRUE |
| GROUP_0 | `2` | GROUP_0 |
| TIMER_SYNC | `3` | TIMER_SYNC |
| TIMER_VALUE_REACHED | `4` | TIMER_VALUE_REACHED |
| PERF_CNT_0 | `5` | PERF_CNT_0 |
| PERF_CNT_1 | `6` | PERF_CNT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_0 | `7` | COMBO_EVENT_0 |
| COMBO_EVENT_1 | `8` | COMBO_EVENT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_2 | `9` | COMBO_EVENT_2 |
| COMBO_EVENT_3 | `10` | COMBO_EVENT_3 |
| GROUP_WATCHPOINT | `15` | GROUP_WATCHPOINT |
| WATCHPOINT_0 | `16` | WATCHPOINT_0 |
| WATCHPOINT_1 | `17` | WATCHPOINT_1 |
| GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY | `20` | GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY |
| DMA_S2MM_0_START_BD | `21` | DMA_S2MM_0_START_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_1_START_BD | `22` | DMA_S2MM_1_START_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_0_START_BD | `23` | DMA_MM2S_0_START_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_1_START_BD | `24` | DMA_MM2S_1_START_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD | `25` | DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD | `26` | DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD | `27` | DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD | `28` | DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_0_GO_TO_IDLE | `29` | DMA_S2MM_0_GO_TO_IDLE |
| DMA_S2MM_1_GO_TO_IDLE | `30` | DMA_S2MM_1_GO_TO_IDLE |
| DMA_MM2S_0_GO_TO_IDLE | `31` | DMA_MM2S_0_GO_TO_IDLE |
| DMA_MM2S_1_GO_TO_IDLE | `32` | DMA_MM2S_1_GO_TO_IDLE |
| DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE | `33` | DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE |
| DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE | `34` | DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE |
| DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE | `35` | DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE |
| DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE | `36` | DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE |
| DMA_S2MM_0_MEMORY_CONFLICT | `37` | DMA_S2MM_0_MEMORY_CONFLICT |
| DMA_S2MM_1_MEMORY_CONFLICT | `38` | DMA_S2MM_1_MEMORY_CONFLICT |
| DMA_MM2S_0_MEMORY_CONFLICT | `39` | DMA_MM2S_0_MEMORY_CONFLICT |
| DMA_MM2S_1_MEMORY_CONFLICT | `40` | DMA_MM2S_1_MEMORY_CONFLICT |
| GROUP_LOCK | `43` | GROUP_LOCK |
| LOCK_0_ACQ | `44` | LOCK_0_ACQ |
| LOCK_0_REL | `45` | LOCK_0_REL |
| LOCK_1_ACQ | `46` | LOCK_1_ACQ |
| LOCK_1_REL | `47` | LOCK_1_REL |
| LOCK_2_ACQ | `48` | LOCK_2_ACQ |
| LOCK_2_REL | `49` | LOCK_2_REL |
| LOCK_3_ACQ | `50` | LOCK_3_ACQ |
| LOCK_3_REL | `51` | LOCK_3_REL |
| LOCK_4_ACQ | `52` | LOCK_4_ACQ |
| LOCK_4_REL | `53` | LOCK_4_REL |
| LOCK_5_ACQ | `54` | LOCK_5_ACQ |
| LOCK_5_REL | `55` | LOCK_5_REL |
| LOCK_6_ACQ | `56` | LOCK_6_ACQ |
| LOCK_6_REL | `57` | LOCK_6_REL |
| LOCK_7_ACQ | `58` | LOCK_7_ACQ |
| LOCK_7_REL | `59` | LOCK_7_REL |
| LOCK_8_ACQ | `60` | LOCK_8_ACQ |
| LOCK_8_REL | `61` | LOCK_8_REL |
| LOCK_9_ACQ | `62` | LOCK_9_ACQ |
| LOCK_9_REL | `63` | LOCK_9_REL |
| LOCK_10_ACQ | `64` | LOCK_10_ACQ |
| LOCK_10_REL | `65` | LOCK_10_REL |
| LOCK_11_ACQ | `66` | LOCK_11_ACQ |
| LOCK_11_REL | `67` | LOCK_11_REL |
| LOCK_12_ACQ | `68` | LOCK_12_ACQ |
| LOCK_12_REL | `69` | LOCK_12_REL |
| LOCK_13_ACQ | `70` | LOCK_13_ACQ |
| LOCK_13_REL | `71` | LOCK_13_REL |
| LOCK_14_ACQ | `72` | LOCK_14_ACQ |
| LOCK_14_REL | `73` | LOCK_14_REL |
| LOCK_15_ACQ | `74` | LOCK_15_ACQ |
| LOCK_15_REL | `75` | LOCK_15_REL |
| GROUP_MEMORY_CONFLICT | `76` | GROUP_MEMORY_CONFLICT |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_0 | `77` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_0 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_1 | `78` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_1 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_2 | `79` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_2 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_3 | `80` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_3 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_4 | `81` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_4 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_5 | `82` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_5 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_6 | `83` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_6 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_7 | `84` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_7 |
| GROUP_ERRORS | `86` | GROUP_ERRORS |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED | `87` | DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT | `88` | DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT | `89` | DM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT | `90` | DM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_2 | `91` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_2 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_3 | `92` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_3 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_4 | `93` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_4 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_5 | `94` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_5 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_6 | `95` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_6 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_7 | `96` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_7 |
| DMA_S2MM_0_ERROR | `97` | DMA_S2MM_0_ERROR |
| DMA_S2MM_1_ERROR | `98` | DMA_S2MM_1_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_0_ERROR | `99` | DMA_MM2S_0_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_1_ERROR | `100` | DMA_MM2S_1_ERROR |
| GROUP_BROADCAST | `106` | GROUP_BROADCAST |
| BROADCAST_0 | `107` | BROADCAST_0 |
| BROADCAST_1 | `108` | BROADCAST_1 |
| BROADCAST_2 | `109` | BROADCAST_2 |
| BROADCAST_3 | `110` | BROADCAST_3 |
| BROADCAST_4 | `111` | BROADCAST_4 |
| BROADCAST_5 | `112` | BROADCAST_5 |
| BROADCAST_6 | `113` | BROADCAST_6 |
| BROADCAST_7 | `114` | BROADCAST_7 |
| BROADCAST_8 | `115` | BROADCAST_8 |
| BROADCAST_9 | `116` | BROADCAST_9 |
| BROADCAST_10 | `117` | BROADCAST_10 |
| BROADCAST_11 | `118` | BROADCAST_11 |
| BROADCAST_12 | `119` | BROADCAST_12 |
| BROADCAST_13 | `120` | BROADCAST_13 |
| BROADCAST_14 | `121` | BROADCAST_14 |
| BROADCAST_15 | `122` | BROADCAST_15 |
| GROUP_USER_EVENT | `123` | GROUP_USER_EVENT |
| USER_EVENT_0 | `124` | USER_EVENT_0 |
| USER_EVENT_1 | `125` | USER_EVENT_1 |
| USER_EVENT_2 | `126` | USER_EVENT_2 |
| USER_EVENT_3 | `127` | USER_EVENT_3 |

### MemEventAIE2

_Memory module event enumeration for AIE2_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NONE | `0` | NONE |
| TRUE | `1` | TRUE |
| GROUP_0 | `2` | GROUP_0 |
| TIMER_SYNC | `3` | TIMER_SYNC |
| TIMER_VALUE_REACHED | `4` | TIMER_VALUE_REACHED |
| PERF_CNT_0 | `5` | PERF_CNT_0 |
| PERF_CNT_1 | `6` | PERF_CNT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_0 | `7` | COMBO_EVENT_0 |
| COMBO_EVENT_1 | `8` | COMBO_EVENT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_2 | `9` | COMBO_EVENT_2 |
| COMBO_EVENT_3 | `10` | COMBO_EVENT_3 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 | `11` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 | `12` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 |
| GROUP_WATCHPOINT | `15` | GROUP_WATCHPOINT |
| WATCHPOINT_0 | `16` | WATCHPOINT_0 |
| WATCHPOINT_1 | `17` | WATCHPOINT_1 |
| GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY | `18` | GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY |
| DMA_S2MM_0_START_TASK | `19` | DMA_S2MM_0_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_START_TASK | `20` | DMA_S2MM_1_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_START_TASK | `21` | DMA_MM2S_0_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_START_TASK | `22` | DMA_MM2S_1_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD | `23` | DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD | `24` | DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD | `25` | DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD | `26` | DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_TASK | `27` | DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_TASK | `28` | DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_TASK | `29` | DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_TASK | `30` | DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK | `31` | DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK | `32` | DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK | `33` | DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK | `34` | DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_STREAM_STARVATION | `35` | DMA_S2MM_0_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_S2MM_1_STREAM_STARVATION | `36` | DMA_S2MM_1_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `37` | DMA_MM2S_0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `38` | DMA_MM2S_1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `39` | DMA_S2MM_0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `40` | DMA_S2MM_1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_0_MEMORY_STARVATION | `41` | DMA_MM2S_0_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_1_MEMORY_STARVATION | `42` | DMA_MM2S_1_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| GROUP_LOCK | `43` | GROUP_LOCK |
| LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_EQ | `44` | LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_GE | `45` | LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_0_REL | `46` | LOCK_0_REL |
| LOCK_SEL0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `47` | LOCK_SEL0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_EQ | `48` | LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_GE | `49` | LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_1_REL | `50` | LOCK_1_REL |
| LOCK_SEL1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `51` | LOCK_SEL1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_EQ | `52` | LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_GE | `53` | LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_2_REL | `54` | LOCK_2_REL |
| LOCK_SEL2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `55` | LOCK_SEL2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_EQ | `56` | LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_GE | `57` | LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_3_REL | `58` | LOCK_3_REL |
| LOCK_SEL3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `59` | LOCK_SEL3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_EQ | `60` | LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_GE | `61` | LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_4_REL | `62` | LOCK_4_REL |
| LOCK_SEL4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `63` | LOCK_SEL4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_EQ | `64` | LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_GE | `65` | LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_5_REL | `66` | LOCK_5_REL |
| LOCK_SEL5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `67` | LOCK_SEL5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_EQ | `68` | LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_GE | `69` | LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_6_REL | `70` | LOCK_6_REL |
| LOCK_SEL6_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `71` | LOCK_SEL6_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_EQ | `72` | LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_GE | `73` | LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_7_REL | `74` | LOCK_7_REL |
| LOCK_SEL7_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `75` | LOCK_SEL7_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| GROUP_MEMORY_CONFLICT | `76` | GROUP_MEMORY_CONFLICT |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_0 | `77` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_0 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_1 | `78` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_1 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_2 | `79` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_2 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_3 | `80` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_3 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_4 | `81` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_4 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_5 | `82` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_5 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_6 | `83` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_6 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_7 | `84` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_7 |
| GROUP_ERRORS | `86` | GROUP_ERRORS |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED | `87` | DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT | `88` | DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT | `89` | DM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT | `90` | DM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_2 | `91` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_2 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_3 | `92` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_3 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_4 | `93` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_4 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_5 | `94` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_5 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_6 | `95` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_6 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_7 | `96` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_7 |
| DMA_S2MM_0_ERROR | `97` | DMA_S2MM_0_ERROR |
| DMA_S2MM_1_ERROR | `98` | DMA_S2MM_1_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_0_ERROR | `99` | DMA_MM2S_0_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_1_ERROR | `100` | DMA_MM2S_1_ERROR |
| LOCK_ERROR | `101` | LOCK_ERROR |
| DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL | `102` | DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL |
| GROUP_BROADCAST | `106` | GROUP_BROADCAST |
| BROADCAST_0 | `107` | BROADCAST_0 |
| BROADCAST_1 | `108` | BROADCAST_1 |
| BROADCAST_2 | `109` | BROADCAST_2 |
| BROADCAST_3 | `110` | BROADCAST_3 |
| BROADCAST_4 | `111` | BROADCAST_4 |
| BROADCAST_5 | `112` | BROADCAST_5 |
| BROADCAST_6 | `113` | BROADCAST_6 |
| BROADCAST_7 | `114` | BROADCAST_7 |
| BROADCAST_8 | `115` | BROADCAST_8 |
| BROADCAST_9 | `116` | BROADCAST_9 |
| BROADCAST_10 | `117` | BROADCAST_10 |
| BROADCAST_11 | `118` | BROADCAST_11 |
| BROADCAST_12 | `119` | BROADCAST_12 |
| BROADCAST_13 | `120` | BROADCAST_13 |
| BROADCAST_14 | `121` | BROADCAST_14 |
| BROADCAST_15 | `122` | BROADCAST_15 |
| GROUP_USER_EVENT | `123` | GROUP_USER_EVENT |
| USER_EVENT_0 | `124` | USER_EVENT_0 |
| USER_EVENT_1 | `125` | USER_EVENT_1 |
| USER_EVENT_2 | `126` | USER_EVENT_2 |
| USER_EVENT_3 | `127` | USER_EVENT_3 |

### MemEventAIE2P

_Memory module event enumeration for AIE2P_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NONE | `0` | NONE |
| TRUE | `1` | TRUE |
| GROUP_0 | `2` | GROUP_0 |
| TIMER_SYNC | `3` | TIMER_SYNC |
| TIMER_VALUE_REACHED | `4` | TIMER_VALUE_REACHED |
| PERF_CNT_0 | `5` | PERF_CNT_0 |
| PERF_CNT_1 | `6` | PERF_CNT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_0 | `7` | COMBO_EVENT_0 |
| COMBO_EVENT_1 | `8` | COMBO_EVENT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_2 | `9` | COMBO_EVENT_2 |
| COMBO_EVENT_3 | `10` | COMBO_EVENT_3 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 | `11` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 | `12` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 |
| GROUP_WATCHPOINT | `15` | GROUP_WATCHPOINT |
| WATCHPOINT_0 | `16` | WATCHPOINT_0 |
| WATCHPOINT_1 | `17` | WATCHPOINT_1 |
| GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY | `18` | GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY |
| DMA_S2MM_0_START_TASK | `19` | DMA_S2MM_0_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_START_TASK | `20` | DMA_S2MM_1_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_START_TASK | `21` | DMA_MM2S_0_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_START_TASK | `22` | DMA_MM2S_1_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD | `23` | DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD | `24` | DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD | `25` | DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD | `26` | DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_TASK | `27` | DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_TASK | `28` | DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_TASK | `29` | DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_TASK | `30` | DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK | `31` | DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK | `32` | DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK | `33` | DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK | `34` | DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_STREAM_STARVATION | `35` | DMA_S2MM_0_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_S2MM_1_STREAM_STARVATION | `36` | DMA_S2MM_1_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `37` | DMA_MM2S_0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `38` | DMA_MM2S_1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `39` | DMA_S2MM_0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `40` | DMA_S2MM_1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_0_MEMORY_STARVATION | `41` | DMA_MM2S_0_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_1_MEMORY_STARVATION | `42` | DMA_MM2S_1_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| GROUP_LOCK | `43` | GROUP_LOCK |
| LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_EQ | `44` | LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_GE | `45` | LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_0_REL | `46` | LOCK_0_REL |
| LOCK_SEL0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `47` | LOCK_SEL0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_EQ | `48` | LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_GE | `49` | LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_1_REL | `50` | LOCK_1_REL |
| LOCK_SEL1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `51` | LOCK_SEL1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_EQ | `52` | LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_GE | `53` | LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_2_REL | `54` | LOCK_2_REL |
| LOCK_SEL2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `55` | LOCK_SEL2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_EQ | `56` | LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_GE | `57` | LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_3_REL | `58` | LOCK_3_REL |
| LOCK_SEL3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `59` | LOCK_SEL3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_EQ | `60` | LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_GE | `61` | LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_4_REL | `62` | LOCK_4_REL |
| LOCK_SEL4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `63` | LOCK_SEL4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_EQ | `64` | LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_GE | `65` | LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_5_REL | `66` | LOCK_5_REL |
| LOCK_SEL5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `67` | LOCK_SEL5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_EQ | `68` | LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_GE | `69` | LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_6_REL | `70` | LOCK_6_REL |
| LOCK_SEL6_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `71` | LOCK_SEL6_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_EQ | `72` | LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_GE | `73` | LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_7_REL | `74` | LOCK_7_REL |
| LOCK_SEL7_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `75` | LOCK_SEL7_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| GROUP_MEMORY_CONFLICT | `76` | GROUP_MEMORY_CONFLICT |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_0 | `77` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_0 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_1 | `78` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_1 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_2 | `79` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_2 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_3 | `80` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_3 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_4 | `81` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_4 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_5 | `82` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_5 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_6 | `83` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_6 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_7 | `84` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_7 |
| GROUP_ERRORS | `86` | GROUP_ERRORS |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED | `87` | DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT | `88` | DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT | `89` | DM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT | `90` | DM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_2 | `91` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_2 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_3 | `92` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_3 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_4 | `93` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_4 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_5 | `94` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_5 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_6 | `95` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_6 |
| DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_7 | `96` | DM_PARITY_ERROR_BANK_7 |
| DMA_S2MM_0_ERROR | `97` | DMA_S2MM_0_ERROR |
| DMA_S2MM_1_ERROR | `98` | DMA_S2MM_1_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_0_ERROR | `99` | DMA_MM2S_0_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_1_ERROR | `100` | DMA_MM2S_1_ERROR |
| LOCK_ERROR | `101` | LOCK_ERROR |
| DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL | `102` | DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL |
| GROUP_BROADCAST | `106` | GROUP_BROADCAST |
| BROADCAST_0 | `107` | BROADCAST_0 |
| BROADCAST_1 | `108` | BROADCAST_1 |
| BROADCAST_2 | `109` | BROADCAST_2 |
| BROADCAST_3 | `110` | BROADCAST_3 |
| BROADCAST_4 | `111` | BROADCAST_4 |
| BROADCAST_5 | `112` | BROADCAST_5 |
| BROADCAST_6 | `113` | BROADCAST_6 |
| BROADCAST_7 | `114` | BROADCAST_7 |
| BROADCAST_8 | `115` | BROADCAST_8 |
| BROADCAST_9 | `116` | BROADCAST_9 |
| BROADCAST_10 | `117` | BROADCAST_10 |
| BROADCAST_11 | `118` | BROADCAST_11 |
| BROADCAST_12 | `119` | BROADCAST_12 |
| BROADCAST_13 | `120` | BROADCAST_13 |
| BROADCAST_14 | `121` | BROADCAST_14 |
| BROADCAST_15 | `122` | BROADCAST_15 |
| GROUP_USER_EVENT | `123` | GROUP_USER_EVENT |
| USER_EVENT_0 | `124` | USER_EVENT_0 |
| USER_EVENT_1 | `125` | USER_EVENT_1 |
| USER_EVENT_2 | `126` | USER_EVENT_2 |
| USER_EVENT_3 | `127` | USER_EVENT_3 |

### MemTileEvent

_Memory tile event enumeration for AIE_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |

### MemTileEventAIE2

_Memory tile event enumeration for AIE2_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NONE | `0` | NONE |
| TRUE | `1` | TRUE |
| GROUP_0 | `2` | GROUP_0 |
| TIMER_SYNC | `3` | TIMER_SYNC |
| TIMER_VALUE_REACHED | `4` | TIMER_VALUE_REACHED |
| PERF_CNT0_EVENT | `5` | PERF_CNT0_EVENT |
| PERF_CNT1_EVENT | `6` | PERF_CNT1_EVENT |
| PERF_CNT2_EVENT | `7` | PERF_CNT2_EVENT |
| PERF_CNT3_EVENT | `8` | PERF_CNT3_EVENT |
| COMBO_EVENT_0 | `9` | COMBO_EVENT_0 |
| COMBO_EVENT_1 | `10` | COMBO_EVENT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_2 | `11` | COMBO_EVENT_2 |
| COMBO_EVENT_3 | `12` | COMBO_EVENT_3 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 | `13` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 | `14` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 |
| GROUP_WATCHPOINT | `15` | GROUP_WATCHPOINT |
| WATCHPOINT_0 | `16` | WATCHPOINT_0 |
| WATCHPOINT_1 | `17` | WATCHPOINT_1 |
| WATCHPOINT_2 | `18` | WATCHPOINT_2 |
| WATCHPOINT_3 | `19` | WATCHPOINT_3 |
| GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY | `20` | GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_START_TASK | `21` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_START_TASK | `22` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_START_TASK | `23` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_START_TASK | `24` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_FINISHED_BD | `25` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_FINISHED_BD | `26` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_FINISHED_BD | `27` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_FINISHED_BD | `28` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_FINISHED_TASK | `29` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_FINISHED_TASK | `30` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_FINISHED_TASK | `31` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_FINISHED_TASK | `32` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_STALLED_LOCK | `33` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_STALLED_LOCK | `34` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_STALLED_LOCK | `35` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_STALLED_LOCK | `36` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_STREAM_STARVATION | `37` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_STREAM_STARVATION | `38` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `39` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `40` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `41` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `42` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_MEMORY_STARVATION | `43` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_MEMORY_STARVATION | `44` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| GROUP_LOCK | `45` | GROUP_LOCK |
| LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_EQ | `46` | LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_GE | `47` | LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL0_REL | `48` | LOCK_SEL0_REL |
| LOCK_SEL0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `49` | LOCK_SEL0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_EQ | `50` | LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_GE | `51` | LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL1_REL | `52` | LOCK_SEL1_REL |
| LOCK_SEL1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `53` | LOCK_SEL1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_EQ | `54` | LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_GE | `55` | LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL2_REL | `56` | LOCK_SEL2_REL |
| LOCK_SEL2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `57` | LOCK_SEL2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_EQ | `58` | LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_GE | `59` | LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL3_REL | `60` | LOCK_SEL3_REL |
| LOCK_SEL3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `61` | LOCK_SEL3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_EQ | `62` | LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_GE | `63` | LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL4_REL | `64` | LOCK_SEL4_REL |
| LOCK_SEL4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `65` | LOCK_SEL4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_EQ | `66` | LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_GE | `67` | LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL5_REL | `68` | LOCK_SEL5_REL |
| LOCK_SEL5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `69` | LOCK_SEL5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_EQ | `70` | LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_GE | `71` | LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL6_REL | `72` | LOCK_SEL6_REL |
| LOCK_SEL6_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `73` | LOCK_SEL6_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_EQ | `74` | LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_GE | `75` | LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL7_REL | `76` | LOCK_SEL7_REL |
| LOCK_SEL7_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `77` | LOCK_SEL7_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH | `78` | GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH |
| PORT_IDLE_0 | `79` | PORT_IDLE_0 |
| PORT_RUNNING_0 | `80` | PORT_RUNNING_0 |
| PORT_STALLED_0 | `81` | PORT_STALLED_0 |
| PORT_TLAST_0 | `82` | PORT_TLAST_0 |
| PORT_IDLE_1 | `83` | PORT_IDLE_1 |
| PORT_RUNNING_1 | `84` | PORT_RUNNING_1 |
| PORT_STALLED_1 | `85` | PORT_STALLED_1 |
| PORT_TLAST_1 | `86` | PORT_TLAST_1 |
| PORT_IDLE_2 | `87` | PORT_IDLE_2 |
| PORT_RUNNING_2 | `88` | PORT_RUNNING_2 |
| PORT_STALLED_2 | `89` | PORT_STALLED_2 |
| PORT_TLAST_2 | `90` | PORT_TLAST_2 |
| PORT_IDLE_3 | `91` | PORT_IDLE_3 |
| PORT_RUNNING_3 | `92` | PORT_RUNNING_3 |
| PORT_STALLED_3 | `93` | PORT_STALLED_3 |
| PORT_TLAST_3 | `94` | PORT_TLAST_3 |
| PORT_IDLE_4 | `95` | PORT_IDLE_4 |
| PORT_RUNNING_4 | `96` | PORT_RUNNING_4 |
| PORT_STALLED_4 | `97` | PORT_STALLED_4 |
| PORT_TLAST_4 | `98` | PORT_TLAST_4 |
| PORT_IDLE_5 | `99` | PORT_IDLE_5 |
| PORT_RUNNING_5 | `100` | PORT_RUNNING_5 |
| PORT_STALLED_5 | `101` | PORT_STALLED_5 |
| PORT_TLAST_5 | `102` | PORT_TLAST_5 |
| PORT_IDLE_6 | `103` | PORT_IDLE_6 |
| PORT_RUNNING_6 | `104` | PORT_RUNNING_6 |
| PORT_STALLED_6 | `105` | PORT_STALLED_6 |
| PORT_TLAST_6 | `106` | PORT_TLAST_6 |
| PORT_IDLE_7 | `107` | PORT_IDLE_7 |
| PORT_RUNNING_7 | `108` | PORT_RUNNING_7 |
| PORT_STALLED_7 | `109` | PORT_STALLED_7 |
| PORT_TLAST_7 | `110` | PORT_TLAST_7 |
| GROUP_MEMORY_CONFLICT | `111` | GROUP_MEMORY_CONFLICT |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_0 | `112` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_0 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_1 | `113` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_1 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_2 | `114` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_2 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_3 | `115` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_3 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_4 | `116` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_4 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_5 | `117` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_5 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_6 | `118` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_6 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_7 | `119` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_7 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_8 | `120` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_8 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_9 | `121` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_9 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_10 | `122` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_10 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_11 | `123` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_11 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_12 | `124` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_12 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_13 | `125` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_13 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_14 | `126` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_14 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_15 | `127` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_15 |
| GROUP_ERRORS | `128` | GROUP_ERRORS |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED | `129` | DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT | `130` | DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT | `131` | DM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT | `132` | DM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT |
| DMA_S2MM_ERROR | `133` | DMA_S2MM_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_ERROR | `134` | DMA_MM2S_ERROR |
| STREAM_SWITCH_PARITY_ERROR | `135` | STREAM_SWITCH_PARITY_ERROR |
| STREAM_PKT_ERROR | `136` | STREAM_PKT_ERROR |
| CONTROL_PKT_ERROR | `137` | CONTROL_PKT_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR | `138` | AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR |
| LOCK_ERROR | `139` | LOCK_ERROR |
| DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL | `140` | DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL |
| GROUP_BROADCAST | `141` | GROUP_BROADCAST |
| BROADCAST_0 | `142` | BROADCAST_0 |
| BROADCAST_1 | `143` | BROADCAST_1 |
| BROADCAST_2 | `144` | BROADCAST_2 |
| BROADCAST_3 | `145` | BROADCAST_3 |
| BROADCAST_4 | `146` | BROADCAST_4 |
| BROADCAST_5 | `147` | BROADCAST_5 |
| BROADCAST_6 | `148` | BROADCAST_6 |
| BROADCAST_7 | `149` | BROADCAST_7 |
| BROADCAST_8 | `150` | BROADCAST_8 |
| BROADCAST_9 | `151` | BROADCAST_9 |
| BROADCAST_10 | `152` | BROADCAST_10 |
| BROADCAST_11 | `153` | BROADCAST_11 |
| BROADCAST_12 | `154` | BROADCAST_12 |
| BROADCAST_13 | `155` | BROADCAST_13 |
| BROADCAST_14 | `156` | BROADCAST_14 |
| BROADCAST_15 | `157` | BROADCAST_15 |
| GROUP_USER_EVENT | `158` | GROUP_USER_EVENT |
| USER_EVENT_0 | `159` | USER_EVENT_0 |
| USER_EVENT_1 | `160` | USER_EVENT_1 |

### MemTileEventAIE2P

_Memory tile event enumeration for AIE2P_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NONE | `0` | NONE |
| TRUE | `1` | TRUE |
| GROUP_0 | `2` | GROUP_0 |
| TIMER_SYNC | `3` | TIMER_SYNC |
| TIMER_VALUE_REACHED | `4` | TIMER_VALUE_REACHED |
| PERF_CNT0_EVENT | `5` | PERF_CNT0_EVENT |
| PERF_CNT1_EVENT | `6` | PERF_CNT1_EVENT |
| PERF_CNT2_EVENT | `7` | PERF_CNT2_EVENT |
| PERF_CNT3_EVENT | `8` | PERF_CNT3_EVENT |
| COMBO_EVENT_0 | `9` | COMBO_EVENT_0 |
| COMBO_EVENT_1 | `10` | COMBO_EVENT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_2 | `11` | COMBO_EVENT_2 |
| COMBO_EVENT_3 | `12` | COMBO_EVENT_3 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 | `13` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 | `14` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 |
| GROUP_WATCHPOINT | `15` | GROUP_WATCHPOINT |
| WATCHPOINT_0 | `16` | WATCHPOINT_0 |
| WATCHPOINT_1 | `17` | WATCHPOINT_1 |
| WATCHPOINT_2 | `18` | WATCHPOINT_2 |
| WATCHPOINT_3 | `19` | WATCHPOINT_3 |
| GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY | `20` | GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_START_TASK | `21` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_START_TASK | `22` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_START_TASK | `23` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_START_TASK | `24` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_FINISHED_BD | `25` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_FINISHED_BD | `26` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_FINISHED_BD | `27` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_FINISHED_BD | `28` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_FINISHED_TASK | `29` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_FINISHED_TASK | `30` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_FINISHED_TASK | `31` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_FINISHED_TASK | `32` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_STALLED_LOCK | `33` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_STALLED_LOCK | `34` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_STALLED_LOCK | `35` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_STALLED_LOCK | `36` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_STREAM_STARVATION | `37` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_STREAM_STARVATION | `38` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `39` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `40` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `41` | DMA_S2MM_SEL0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_SEL1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `42` | DMA_S2MM_SEL1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL0_MEMORY_STARVATION | `43` | DMA_MM2S_SEL0_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_SEL1_MEMORY_STARVATION | `44` | DMA_MM2S_SEL1_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| GROUP_LOCK | `45` | GROUP_LOCK |
| LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_EQ | `46` | LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_GE | `47` | LOCK_SEL0_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL0_REL | `48` | LOCK_SEL0_REL |
| LOCK_SEL0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `49` | LOCK_SEL0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_EQ | `50` | LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_GE | `51` | LOCK_SEL1_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL1_REL | `52` | LOCK_SEL1_REL |
| LOCK_SEL1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `53` | LOCK_SEL1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_EQ | `54` | LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_GE | `55` | LOCK_SEL2_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL2_REL | `56` | LOCK_SEL2_REL |
| LOCK_SEL2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `57` | LOCK_SEL2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_EQ | `58` | LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_GE | `59` | LOCK_SEL3_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL3_REL | `60` | LOCK_SEL3_REL |
| LOCK_SEL3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `61` | LOCK_SEL3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_EQ | `62` | LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_GE | `63` | LOCK_SEL4_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL4_REL | `64` | LOCK_SEL4_REL |
| LOCK_SEL4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `65` | LOCK_SEL4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_EQ | `66` | LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_GE | `67` | LOCK_SEL5_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL5_REL | `68` | LOCK_SEL5_REL |
| LOCK_SEL5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `69` | LOCK_SEL5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_EQ | `70` | LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_GE | `71` | LOCK_SEL6_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL6_REL | `72` | LOCK_SEL6_REL |
| LOCK_SEL6_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `73` | LOCK_SEL6_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_EQ | `74` | LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_GE | `75` | LOCK_SEL7_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_SEL7_REL | `76` | LOCK_SEL7_REL |
| LOCK_SEL7_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `77` | LOCK_SEL7_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH | `78` | GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH |
| PORT_IDLE_0 | `79` | PORT_IDLE_0 |
| PORT_RUNNING_0 | `80` | PORT_RUNNING_0 |
| PORT_STALLED_0 | `81` | PORT_STALLED_0 |
| PORT_TLAST_0 | `82` | PORT_TLAST_0 |
| PORT_IDLE_1 | `83` | PORT_IDLE_1 |
| PORT_RUNNING_1 | `84` | PORT_RUNNING_1 |
| PORT_STALLED_1 | `85` | PORT_STALLED_1 |
| PORT_TLAST_1 | `86` | PORT_TLAST_1 |
| PORT_IDLE_2 | `87` | PORT_IDLE_2 |
| PORT_RUNNING_2 | `88` | PORT_RUNNING_2 |
| PORT_STALLED_2 | `89` | PORT_STALLED_2 |
| PORT_TLAST_2 | `90` | PORT_TLAST_2 |
| PORT_IDLE_3 | `91` | PORT_IDLE_3 |
| PORT_RUNNING_3 | `92` | PORT_RUNNING_3 |
| PORT_STALLED_3 | `93` | PORT_STALLED_3 |
| PORT_TLAST_3 | `94` | PORT_TLAST_3 |
| PORT_IDLE_4 | `95` | PORT_IDLE_4 |
| PORT_RUNNING_4 | `96` | PORT_RUNNING_4 |
| PORT_STALLED_4 | `97` | PORT_STALLED_4 |
| PORT_TLAST_4 | `98` | PORT_TLAST_4 |
| PORT_IDLE_5 | `99` | PORT_IDLE_5 |
| PORT_RUNNING_5 | `100` | PORT_RUNNING_5 |
| PORT_STALLED_5 | `101` | PORT_STALLED_5 |
| PORT_TLAST_5 | `102` | PORT_TLAST_5 |
| PORT_IDLE_6 | `103` | PORT_IDLE_6 |
| PORT_RUNNING_6 | `104` | PORT_RUNNING_6 |
| PORT_STALLED_6 | `105` | PORT_STALLED_6 |
| PORT_TLAST_6 | `106` | PORT_TLAST_6 |
| PORT_IDLE_7 | `107` | PORT_IDLE_7 |
| PORT_RUNNING_7 | `108` | PORT_RUNNING_7 |
| PORT_STALLED_7 | `109` | PORT_STALLED_7 |
| PORT_TLAST_7 | `110` | PORT_TLAST_7 |
| GROUP_MEMORY_CONFLICT | `111` | GROUP_MEMORY_CONFLICT |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_0 | `112` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_0 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_1 | `113` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_1 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_2 | `114` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_2 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_3 | `115` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_3 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_4 | `116` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_4 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_5 | `117` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_5 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_6 | `118` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_6 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_7 | `119` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_7 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_8 | `120` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_8 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_9 | `121` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_9 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_10 | `122` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_10 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_11 | `123` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_11 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_12 | `124` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_12 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_13 | `125` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_13 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_14 | `126` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_14 |
| CONFLICT_DM_BANK_15 | `127` | CONFLICT_DM_BANK_15 |
| GROUP_ERRORS | `128` | GROUP_ERRORS |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED | `129` | DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_CORRECTED |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT | `130` | DM_ECC_ERROR_SCRUB_2BIT |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT | `131` | DM_ECC_ERROR_1BIT |
| DM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT | `132` | DM_ECC_ERROR_2BIT |
| DMA_S2MM_ERROR | `133` | DMA_S2MM_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_ERROR | `134` | DMA_MM2S_ERROR |
| STREAM_SWITCH_PARITY_ERROR | `135` | STREAM_SWITCH_PARITY_ERROR |
| STREAM_PKT_ERROR | `136` | STREAM_PKT_ERROR |
| CONTROL_PKT_ERROR | `137` | CONTROL_PKT_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR | `138` | AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR |
| LOCK_ERROR | `139` | LOCK_ERROR |
| DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL | `140` | DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL |
| GROUP_BROADCAST | `141` | GROUP_BROADCAST |
| BROADCAST_0 | `142` | BROADCAST_0 |
| BROADCAST_1 | `143` | BROADCAST_1 |
| BROADCAST_2 | `144` | BROADCAST_2 |
| BROADCAST_3 | `145` | BROADCAST_3 |
| BROADCAST_4 | `146` | BROADCAST_4 |
| BROADCAST_5 | `147` | BROADCAST_5 |
| BROADCAST_6 | `148` | BROADCAST_6 |
| BROADCAST_7 | `149` | BROADCAST_7 |
| BROADCAST_8 | `150` | BROADCAST_8 |
| BROADCAST_9 | `151` | BROADCAST_9 |
| BROADCAST_10 | `152` | BROADCAST_10 |
| BROADCAST_11 | `153` | BROADCAST_11 |
| BROADCAST_12 | `154` | BROADCAST_12 |
| BROADCAST_13 | `155` | BROADCAST_13 |
| BROADCAST_14 | `156` | BROADCAST_14 |
| BROADCAST_15 | `157` | BROADCAST_15 |
| GROUP_USER_EVENT | `158` | GROUP_USER_EVENT |
| USER_EVENT_0 | `159` | USER_EVENT_0 |
| USER_EVENT_1 | `160` | USER_EVENT_1 |

### ObjectFifoPort

_Ports of an object FIFO_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| Produce | `0` | Produce |
| Consume | `1` | Consume |

### ShimTileEvent

_Shim tile event enumeration for AIE_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NONE | `0` | NONE |
| TRUE | `1` | TRUE |
| GROUP_0 | `2` | GROUP_0 |
| TIMER_SYNC | `3` | TIMER_SYNC |
| TIMER_VALUE_REACHED | `4` | TIMER_VALUE_REACHED |
| PERF_CNT_0 | `5` | PERF_CNT_0 |
| PERF_CNT_1 | `6` | PERF_CNT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_0 | `7` | COMBO_EVENT_0 |
| COMBO_EVENT_1 | `8` | COMBO_EVENT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_2 | `9` | COMBO_EVENT_2 |
| COMBO_EVENT_3 | `10` | COMBO_EVENT_3 |
| GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY | `11` | GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY |
| DMA_S2MM_0_START_BD | `12` | DMA_S2MM_0_START_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_1_START_BD | `13` | DMA_S2MM_1_START_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_0_START_BD | `14` | DMA_MM2S_0_START_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_1_START_BD | `15` | DMA_MM2S_1_START_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD | `16` | DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD | `17` | DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD | `18` | DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD | `19` | DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_0_GO_TO_IDLE | `20` | DMA_S2MM_0_GO_TO_IDLE |
| DMA_S2MM_1_GO_TO_IDLE | `21` | DMA_S2MM_1_GO_TO_IDLE |
| DMA_MM2S_0_GO_TO_IDLE | `22` | DMA_MM2S_0_GO_TO_IDLE |
| DMA_MM2S_1_GO_TO_IDLE | `23` | DMA_MM2S_1_GO_TO_IDLE |
| DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE | `24` | DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE |
| DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE | `25` | DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE |
| DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE | `26` | DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE |
| DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE | `27` | DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK_ACQUIRE |
| GROUP_LOCK | `28` | GROUP_LOCK |
| LOCK_0_ACQUIRED | `29` | LOCK_0_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_0_RELEASED | `30` | LOCK_0_RELEASED |
| LOCK_1_ACQUIRED | `31` | LOCK_1_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_1_RELEASED | `32` | LOCK_1_RELEASED |
| LOCK_2_ACQUIRED | `33` | LOCK_2_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_2_RELEASED | `34` | LOCK_2_RELEASED |
| LOCK_3_ACQUIRED | `35` | LOCK_3_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_3_RELEASED | `36` | LOCK_3_RELEASED |
| LOCK_4_ACQUIRED | `37` | LOCK_4_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_4_RELEASED | `38` | LOCK_4_RELEASED |
| LOCK_5_ACQUIRED | `39` | LOCK_5_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_5_RELEASED | `40` | LOCK_5_RELEASED |
| LOCK_6_ACQUIRED | `41` | LOCK_6_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_6_RELEASED | `42` | LOCK_6_RELEASED |
| LOCK_7_ACQUIRED | `43` | LOCK_7_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_7_RELEASED | `44` | LOCK_7_RELEASED |
| LOCK_8_ACQUIRED | `45` | LOCK_8_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_8_RELEASED | `46` | LOCK_8_RELEASED |
| LOCK_9_ACQUIRED | `47` | LOCK_9_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_9_RELEASED | `48` | LOCK_9_RELEASED |
| LOCK_10_ACQUIRED | `49` | LOCK_10_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_10_RELEASED | `50` | LOCK_10_RELEASED |
| LOCK_11_ACQUIRED | `51` | LOCK_11_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_11_RELEASED | `52` | LOCK_11_RELEASED |
| LOCK_12_ACQUIRED | `53` | LOCK_12_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_12_RELEASED | `54` | LOCK_12_RELEASED |
| LOCK_13_ACQUIRED | `55` | LOCK_13_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_13_RELEASED | `56` | LOCK_13_RELEASED |
| LOCK_14_ACQUIRED | `57` | LOCK_14_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_14_RELEASED | `58` | LOCK_14_RELEASED |
| LOCK_15_ACQUIRED | `59` | LOCK_15_ACQUIRED |
| LOCK_15_RELEASED | `60` | LOCK_15_RELEASED |
| GROUP_ERRORS | `61` | GROUP_ERRORS |
| AXI_MM_SLAVE_TILE_ERROR | `62` | AXI_MM_SLAVE_TILE_ERROR |
| CONTROL_PKT_ERROR | `63` | CONTROL_PKT_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_DECODE_NSU_ERROR | `64` | AXI_MM_DECODE_NSU_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_SLAVE_NSU_ERROR | `65` | AXI_MM_SLAVE_NSU_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_UNSUPPORTED_TRAFFIC | `66` | AXI_MM_UNSUPPORTED_TRAFFIC |
| AXI_MM_UNSECURE_ACCESS_IN_SECURE_MODE | `67` | AXI_MM_UNSECURE_ACCESS_IN_SECURE_MODE |
| AXI_MM_BYTE_STROBE_ERROR | `68` | AXI_MM_BYTE_STROBE_ERROR |
| DMA_S2MM_0_ERROR | `69` | DMA_S2MM_0_ERROR |
| DMA_S2MM_1_ERROR | `70` | DMA_S2MM_1_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_0_ERROR | `71` | DMA_MM2S_0_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_1_ERROR | `72` | DMA_MM2S_1_ERROR |
| GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH | `73` | GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH |
| PORT_IDLE_0 | `74` | PORT_IDLE_0 |
| PORT_RUNNING_0 | `75` | PORT_RUNNING_0 |
| PORT_STALLED_0 | `76` | PORT_STALLED_0 |
| PORT_TLAST_0 | `77` | PORT_TLAST_0 |
| PORT_IDLE_1 | `78` | PORT_IDLE_1 |
| PORT_RUNNING_1 | `79` | PORT_RUNNING_1 |
| PORT_STALLED_1 | `80` | PORT_STALLED_1 |
| PORT_TLAST_1 | `81` | PORT_TLAST_1 |
| PORT_IDLE_2 | `82` | PORT_IDLE_2 |
| PORT_RUNNING_2 | `83` | PORT_RUNNING_2 |
| PORT_STALLED_2 | `84` | PORT_STALLED_2 |
| PORT_TLAST_2 | `85` | PORT_TLAST_2 |
| PORT_IDLE_3 | `86` | PORT_IDLE_3 |
| PORT_RUNNING_3 | `87` | PORT_RUNNING_3 |
| PORT_STALLED_3 | `88` | PORT_STALLED_3 |
| PORT_TLAST_3 | `89` | PORT_TLAST_3 |
| PORT_IDLE_4 | `90` | PORT_IDLE_4 |
| PORT_RUNNING_4 | `91` | PORT_RUNNING_4 |
| PORT_STALLED_4 | `92` | PORT_STALLED_4 |
| PORT_TLAST_4 | `93` | PORT_TLAST_4 |
| PORT_IDLE_5 | `94` | PORT_IDLE_5 |
| PORT_RUNNING_5 | `95` | PORT_RUNNING_5 |
| PORT_STALLED_5 | `96` | PORT_STALLED_5 |
| PORT_TLAST_5 | `97` | PORT_TLAST_5 |
| PORT_IDLE_6 | `98` | PORT_IDLE_6 |
| PORT_RUNNING_6 | `99` | PORT_RUNNING_6 |
| PORT_STALLED_6 | `100` | PORT_STALLED_6 |
| PORT_TLAST_6 | `101` | PORT_TLAST_6 |
| PORT_IDLE_7 | `102` | PORT_IDLE_7 |
| PORT_RUNNING_7 | `103` | PORT_RUNNING_7 |
| PORT_STALLED_7 | `104` | PORT_STALLED_7 |
| PORT_TLAST_7 | `105` | PORT_TLAST_7 |
| GROUP_BROADCAST_A | `106` | GROUP_BROADCAST_A |
| BROADCAST_A_0 | `107` | BROADCAST_A_0 |
| BROADCAST_A_1 | `108` | BROADCAST_A_1 |
| BROADCAST_A_2 | `109` | BROADCAST_A_2 |
| BROADCAST_A_3 | `110` | BROADCAST_A_3 |
| BROADCAST_A_4 | `111` | BROADCAST_A_4 |
| BROADCAST_A_5 | `112` | BROADCAST_A_5 |
| BROADCAST_A_6 | `113` | BROADCAST_A_6 |
| BROADCAST_A_7 | `114` | BROADCAST_A_7 |
| BROADCAST_A_8 | `115` | BROADCAST_A_8 |
| BROADCAST_A_9 | `116` | BROADCAST_A_9 |
| BROADCAST_A_10 | `117` | BROADCAST_A_10 |
| BROADCAST_A_11 | `118` | BROADCAST_A_11 |
| BROADCAST_A_12 | `119` | BROADCAST_A_12 |
| BROADCAST_A_13 | `120` | BROADCAST_A_13 |
| BROADCAST_A_14 | `121` | BROADCAST_A_14 |
| BROADCAST_A_15 | `122` | BROADCAST_A_15 |
| GROUP_USER_EVENT | `123` | GROUP_USER_EVENT |
| USER_EVENT_0 | `124` | USER_EVENT_0 |
| USER_EVENT_1 | `125` | USER_EVENT_1 |
| USER_EVENT_2 | `126` | USER_EVENT_2 |
| USER_EVENT_3 | `127` | USER_EVENT_3 |

### ShimTileEventAIE2

_Shim tile event enumeration for AIE2_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NONE | `0` | NONE |
| TRUE | `1` | TRUE |
| GROUP_0 | `2` | GROUP_0 |
| TIMER_SYNC | `3` | TIMER_SYNC |
| TIMER_VALUE_REACHED | `4` | TIMER_VALUE_REACHED |
| PERF_CNT_0 | `5` | PERF_CNT_0 |
| PERF_CNT_1 | `6` | PERF_CNT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_0 | `7` | COMBO_EVENT_0 |
| COMBO_EVENT_1 | `8` | COMBO_EVENT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_2 | `9` | COMBO_EVENT_2 |
| COMBO_EVENT_3 | `10` | COMBO_EVENT_3 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 | `11` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 | `12` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 |
| GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY | `13` | GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY |
| DMA_S2MM_0_START_TASK | `14` | DMA_S2MM_0_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_START_TASK | `15` | DMA_S2MM_1_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_START_TASK | `16` | DMA_MM2S_0_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_START_TASK | `17` | DMA_MM2S_1_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD | `18` | DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD | `19` | DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD | `20` | DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD | `21` | DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_TASK | `22` | DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_TASK | `23` | DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_TASK | `24` | DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_TASK | `25` | DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK | `26` | DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK | `27` | DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK | `28` | DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK | `29` | DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_STREAM_STARVATION | `30` | DMA_S2MM_0_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_S2MM_1_STREAM_STARVATION | `31` | DMA_S2MM_1_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `32` | DMA_MM2S_0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `33` | DMA_MM2S_1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `34` | DMA_S2MM_0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `35` | DMA_S2MM_1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_0_MEMORY_STARVATION | `36` | DMA_MM2S_0_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_1_MEMORY_STARVATION | `37` | DMA_MM2S_1_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| GROUP_LOCK | `38` | GROUP_LOCK |
| LOCK_0_ACQ_EQ | `39` | LOCK_0_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_0_ACQ_GE | `40` | LOCK_0_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_0_REL | `41` | LOCK_0_REL |
| LOCK_0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `42` | LOCK_0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_1_ACQ_EQ | `43` | LOCK_1_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_1_ACQ_GE | `44` | LOCK_1_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_1_REL | `45` | LOCK_1_REL |
| LOCK_1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `46` | LOCK_1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_2_ACQ_EQ | `47` | LOCK_2_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_2_ACQ_GE | `48` | LOCK_2_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_2_REL | `49` | LOCK_2_REL |
| LOCK_2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `50` | LOCK_2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_3_ACQ_EQ | `51` | LOCK_3_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_3_ACQ_GE | `52` | LOCK_3_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_3_REL | `53` | LOCK_3_REL |
| LOCK_3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `54` | LOCK_3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_4_ACQ_EQ | `55` | LOCK_4_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_4_ACQ_GE | `56` | LOCK_4_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_4_REL | `57` | LOCK_4_REL |
| LOCK_4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `58` | LOCK_4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_5_ACQ_EQ | `59` | LOCK_5_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_5_ACQ_GE | `60` | LOCK_5_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_5_REL | `61` | LOCK_5_REL |
| LOCK_5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `62` | LOCK_5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| GROUP_ERRORS | `63` | GROUP_ERRORS |
| AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR | `64` | AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR |
| CONTROL_PKT_ERROR | `65` | CONTROL_PKT_ERROR |
| STREAM_SWITCH_PARITY_ERROR | `66` | STREAM_SWITCH_PARITY_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_DECODE_NSU_ERROR | `67` | AXI_MM_DECODE_NSU_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_SLAVE_NSU_ERROR | `68` | AXI_MM_SLAVE_NSU_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_UNSUPPORTED_TRAFFIC | `69` | AXI_MM_UNSUPPORTED_TRAFFIC |
| AXI_MM_UNSECURE_ACCESS_IN_SECURE_MODE | `70` | AXI_MM_UNSECURE_ACCESS_IN_SECURE_MODE |
| AXI_MM_BYTE_STROBE_ERROR | `71` | AXI_MM_BYTE_STROBE_ERROR |
| DMA_S2MM_ERROR | `72` | DMA_S2MM_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_ERROR | `73` | DMA_MM2S_ERROR |
| LOCK_ERROR | `74` | LOCK_ERROR |
| DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL | `75` | DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL |
| GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH | `76` | GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH |
| PORT_IDLE_0 | `77` | PORT_IDLE_0 |
| PORT_RUNNING_0 | `78` | PORT_RUNNING_0 |
| PORT_STALLED_0 | `79` | PORT_STALLED_0 |
| PORT_TLAST_0 | `80` | PORT_TLAST_0 |
| PORT_IDLE_1 | `81` | PORT_IDLE_1 |
| PORT_RUNNING_1 | `82` | PORT_RUNNING_1 |
| PORT_STALLED_1 | `83` | PORT_STALLED_1 |
| PORT_TLAST_1 | `84` | PORT_TLAST_1 |
| PORT_IDLE_2 | `85` | PORT_IDLE_2 |
| PORT_RUNNING_2 | `86` | PORT_RUNNING_2 |
| PORT_STALLED_2 | `87` | PORT_STALLED_2 |
| PORT_TLAST_2 | `88` | PORT_TLAST_2 |
| PORT_IDLE_3 | `89` | PORT_IDLE_3 |
| PORT_RUNNING_3 | `90` | PORT_RUNNING_3 |
| PORT_STALLED_3 | `91` | PORT_STALLED_3 |
| PORT_TLAST_3 | `92` | PORT_TLAST_3 |
| PORT_IDLE_4 | `93` | PORT_IDLE_4 |
| PORT_RUNNING_4 | `94` | PORT_RUNNING_4 |
| PORT_STALLED_4 | `95` | PORT_STALLED_4 |
| PORT_TLAST_4 | `96` | PORT_TLAST_4 |
| PORT_IDLE_5 | `97` | PORT_IDLE_5 |
| PORT_RUNNING_5 | `98` | PORT_RUNNING_5 |
| PORT_STALLED_5 | `99` | PORT_STALLED_5 |
| PORT_TLAST_5 | `100` | PORT_TLAST_5 |
| PORT_IDLE_6 | `101` | PORT_IDLE_6 |
| PORT_RUNNING_6 | `102` | PORT_RUNNING_6 |
| PORT_STALLED_6 | `103` | PORT_STALLED_6 |
| PORT_TLAST_6 | `104` | PORT_TLAST_6 |
| PORT_IDLE_7 | `105` | PORT_IDLE_7 |
| PORT_RUNNING_7 | `106` | PORT_RUNNING_7 |
| PORT_STALLED_7 | `107` | PORT_STALLED_7 |
| PORT_TLAST_7 | `108` | PORT_TLAST_7 |
| GROUP_BROADCAST_A | `109` | GROUP_BROADCAST_A |
| BROADCAST_A_0 | `110` | BROADCAST_A_0 |
| BROADCAST_A_1 | `111` | BROADCAST_A_1 |
| BROADCAST_A_2 | `112` | BROADCAST_A_2 |
| BROADCAST_A_3 | `113` | BROADCAST_A_3 |
| BROADCAST_A_4 | `114` | BROADCAST_A_4 |
| BROADCAST_A_5 | `115` | BROADCAST_A_5 |
| BROADCAST_A_6 | `116` | BROADCAST_A_6 |
| BROADCAST_A_7 | `117` | BROADCAST_A_7 |
| BROADCAST_A_8 | `118` | BROADCAST_A_8 |
| BROADCAST_A_9 | `119` | BROADCAST_A_9 |
| BROADCAST_A_10 | `120` | BROADCAST_A_10 |
| BROADCAST_A_11 | `121` | BROADCAST_A_11 |
| BROADCAST_A_12 | `122` | BROADCAST_A_12 |
| BROADCAST_A_13 | `123` | BROADCAST_A_13 |
| BROADCAST_A_14 | `124` | BROADCAST_A_14 |
| BROADCAST_A_15 | `125` | BROADCAST_A_15 |
| USER_EVENT_0 | `126` | USER_EVENT_0 |
| USER_EVENT_1 | `127` | USER_EVENT_1 |

### ShimTileEventAIE2P

_Shim tile event enumeration for AIE2P_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| NONE | `0` | NONE |
| TRUE | `1` | TRUE |
| GROUP_0 | `2` | GROUP_0 |
| TIMER_SYNC | `3` | TIMER_SYNC |
| TIMER_VALUE_REACHED | `4` | TIMER_VALUE_REACHED |
| PERF_CNT_0 | `5` | PERF_CNT_0 |
| PERF_CNT_1 | `6` | PERF_CNT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_0 | `7` | COMBO_EVENT_0 |
| COMBO_EVENT_1 | `8` | COMBO_EVENT_1 |
| COMBO_EVENT_2 | `9` | COMBO_EVENT_2 |
| COMBO_EVENT_3 | `10` | COMBO_EVENT_3 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 | `11` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_0 |
| EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 | `12` | EDGE_DETECTION_EVENT_1 |
| GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY | `13` | GROUP_DMA_ACTIVITY |
| DMA_S2MM_0_START_TASK | `14` | DMA_S2MM_0_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_START_TASK | `15` | DMA_S2MM_1_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_START_TASK | `16` | DMA_MM2S_0_START_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_START_TASK | `17` | DMA_MM2S_1_START_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD | `18` | DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD | `19` | DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD | `20` | DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD | `21` | DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_BD |
| DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_TASK | `22` | DMA_S2MM_0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_TASK | `23` | DMA_S2MM_1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_TASK | `24` | DMA_MM2S_0_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_TASK | `25` | DMA_MM2S_1_FINISHED_TASK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK | `26` | DMA_S2MM_0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK | `27` | DMA_S2MM_1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK | `28` | DMA_MM2S_0_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK | `29` | DMA_MM2S_1_STALLED_LOCK |
| DMA_S2MM_0_STREAM_STARVATION | `30` | DMA_S2MM_0_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_S2MM_1_STREAM_STARVATION | `31` | DMA_S2MM_1_STREAM_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `32` | DMA_MM2S_0_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE | `33` | DMA_MM2S_1_STREAM_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `34` | DMA_S2MM_0_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_S2MM_1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE | `35` | DMA_S2MM_1_MEMORY_BACKPRESSURE |
| DMA_MM2S_0_MEMORY_STARVATION | `36` | DMA_MM2S_0_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| DMA_MM2S_1_MEMORY_STARVATION | `37` | DMA_MM2S_1_MEMORY_STARVATION |
| GROUP_LOCK | `38` | GROUP_LOCK |
| LOCK_0_ACQ_EQ | `39` | LOCK_0_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_0_ACQ_GE | `40` | LOCK_0_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_0_REL | `41` | LOCK_0_REL |
| LOCK_0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `42` | LOCK_0_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_1_ACQ_EQ | `43` | LOCK_1_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_1_ACQ_GE | `44` | LOCK_1_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_1_REL | `45` | LOCK_1_REL |
| LOCK_1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `46` | LOCK_1_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_2_ACQ_EQ | `47` | LOCK_2_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_2_ACQ_GE | `48` | LOCK_2_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_2_REL | `49` | LOCK_2_REL |
| LOCK_2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `50` | LOCK_2_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_3_ACQ_EQ | `51` | LOCK_3_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_3_ACQ_GE | `52` | LOCK_3_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_3_REL | `53` | LOCK_3_REL |
| LOCK_3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `54` | LOCK_3_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_4_ACQ_EQ | `55` | LOCK_4_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_4_ACQ_GE | `56` | LOCK_4_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_4_REL | `57` | LOCK_4_REL |
| LOCK_4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `58` | LOCK_4_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| LOCK_5_ACQ_EQ | `59` | LOCK_5_ACQ_EQ |
| LOCK_5_ACQ_GE | `60` | LOCK_5_ACQ_GE |
| LOCK_5_REL | `61` | LOCK_5_REL |
| LOCK_5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE | `62` | LOCK_5_EQUAL_TO_VALUE |
| GROUP_ERRORS | `63` | GROUP_ERRORS |
| AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR | `64` | AXI_MM_SLAVE_ERROR |
| CONTROL_PKT_ERROR | `65` | CONTROL_PKT_ERROR |
| STREAM_SWITCH_PARITY_ERROR | `66` | STREAM_SWITCH_PARITY_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_DECODE_NSU_ERROR | `67` | AXI_MM_DECODE_NSU_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_SLAVE_NSU_ERROR | `68` | AXI_MM_SLAVE_NSU_ERROR |
| AXI_MM_UNSUPPORTED_TRAFFIC | `69` | AXI_MM_UNSUPPORTED_TRAFFIC |
| AXI_MM_UNSECURE_ACCESS_IN_SECURE_MODE | `70` | AXI_MM_UNSECURE_ACCESS_IN_SECURE_MODE |
| AXI_MM_BYTE_STROBE_ERROR | `71` | AXI_MM_BYTE_STROBE_ERROR |
| DMA_S2MM_ERROR | `72` | DMA_S2MM_ERROR |
| DMA_MM2S_ERROR | `73` | DMA_MM2S_ERROR |
| LOCK_ERROR | `74` | LOCK_ERROR |
| DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL | `75` | DMA_TASK_TOKEN_STALL |
| GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH | `76` | GROUP_STREAM_SWITCH |
| PORT_IDLE_0 | `77` | PORT_IDLE_0 |
| PORT_RUNNING_0 | `78` | PORT_RUNNING_0 |
| PORT_STALLED_0 | `79` | PORT_STALLED_0 |
| PORT_TLAST_0 | `80` | PORT_TLAST_0 |
| PORT_IDLE_1 | `81` | PORT_IDLE_1 |
| PORT_RUNNING_1 | `82` | PORT_RUNNING_1 |
| PORT_STALLED_1 | `83` | PORT_STALLED_1 |
| PORT_TLAST_1 | `84` | PORT_TLAST_1 |
| PORT_IDLE_2 | `85` | PORT_IDLE_2 |
| PORT_RUNNING_2 | `86` | PORT_RUNNING_2 |
| PORT_STALLED_2 | `87` | PORT_STALLED_2 |
| PORT_TLAST_2 | `88` | PORT_TLAST_2 |
| PORT_IDLE_3 | `89` | PORT_IDLE_3 |
| PORT_RUNNING_3 | `90` | PORT_RUNNING_3 |
| PORT_STALLED_3 | `91` | PORT_STALLED_3 |
| PORT_TLAST_3 | `92` | PORT_TLAST_3 |
| PORT_IDLE_4 | `93` | PORT_IDLE_4 |
| PORT_RUNNING_4 | `94` | PORT_RUNNING_4 |
| PORT_STALLED_4 | `95` | PORT_STALLED_4 |
| PORT_TLAST_4 | `96` | PORT_TLAST_4 |
| PORT_IDLE_5 | `97` | PORT_IDLE_5 |
| PORT_RUNNING_5 | `98` | PORT_RUNNING_5 |
| PORT_STALLED_5 | `99` | PORT_STALLED_5 |
| PORT_TLAST_5 | `100` | PORT_TLAST_5 |
| PORT_IDLE_6 | `101` | PORT_IDLE_6 |
| PORT_RUNNING_6 | `102` | PORT_RUNNING_6 |
| PORT_STALLED_6 | `103` | PORT_STALLED_6 |
| PORT_TLAST_6 | `104` | PORT_TLAST_6 |
| PORT_IDLE_7 | `105` | PORT_IDLE_7 |
| PORT_RUNNING_7 | `106` | PORT_RUNNING_7 |
| PORT_STALLED_7 | `107` | PORT_STALLED_7 |
| PORT_TLAST_7 | `108` | PORT_TLAST_7 |
| GROUP_BROADCAST_A | `109` | GROUP_BROADCAST_A |
| BROADCAST_A_0 | `110` | BROADCAST_A_0 |
| BROADCAST_A_1 | `111` | BROADCAST_A_1 |
| BROADCAST_A_2 | `112` | BROADCAST_A_2 |
| BROADCAST_A_3 | `113` | BROADCAST_A_3 |
| BROADCAST_A_4 | `114` | BROADCAST_A_4 |
| BROADCAST_A_5 | `115` | BROADCAST_A_5 |
| BROADCAST_A_6 | `116` | BROADCAST_A_6 |
| BROADCAST_A_7 | `117` | BROADCAST_A_7 |
| BROADCAST_A_8 | `118` | BROADCAST_A_8 |
| BROADCAST_A_9 | `119` | BROADCAST_A_9 |
| BROADCAST_A_10 | `120` | BROADCAST_A_10 |
| BROADCAST_A_11 | `121` | BROADCAST_A_11 |
| BROADCAST_A_12 | `122` | BROADCAST_A_12 |
| BROADCAST_A_13 | `123` | BROADCAST_A_13 |
| BROADCAST_A_14 | `124` | BROADCAST_A_14 |
| BROADCAST_A_15 | `125` | BROADCAST_A_15 |
| USER_EVENT_0 | `126` | USER_EVENT_0 |
| USER_EVENT_1 | `127` | USER_EVENT_1 |

### WireBundle

_Bundle of wires_

#### Cases:

| Symbol | Value | String |
| :----: | :---: | ------ |
| Core | `0` | Core |
| DMA | `1` | DMA |
| FIFO | `2` | FIFO |
| South | `3` | South |
| West | `4` | West |
| North | `5` | North |
| East | `6` | East |
| PLIO | `7` | PLIO |
| NOC | `8` | NOC |
| Trace | `9` | Trace |
| TileControl | `10` | TileControl |
